An undeniably effective adaptation of the Shirley Jackson novel and remains one of the best haunted-house movies.
It depicts what is surely the first recorded instance of the game "Strip Monopoly" and would later inspire Wet Hot American Summer, and we should all be grateful for that.
A slow-burn drama that hides its horrific intentions until the brutal final act, 'The Rental' ultimately fails to nail its landing, leaving a decidedly bitter aftertaste in your mouth.
The script is simple stuff, simpler than the graphic novel, which at least managed to devote a page or two to the vampires' back story.
Once you get past the premise - and granted, that takes some doing - "Happy Death Day" turns out to be goofy good fun.
great performances power a dark and emotional narrative which erupts into a psychotic trippy nightmare
There's enough real evidence supporting the theory that Kubrick was a genius, and that's pretty entertaining all by itself.
Drenched in cliché and threatens to be completely drab until it's saved by its frightening finale.
A decent psychological mystery filled with paranoia and delusions, which messes with your head and demands that you keep thinking about it, even after you've left the theatre.
This sequel's requisite film geek character keeps espousing the idea that reboots are nothing more than lame, tired rip-offs of the original. Scream 4 seems to have been made entirely to prove that point.
stands out thanks to the assured direction of Mike Flanagan and performances that sell the drama along with the dread
Story of a young Filipino-American who returns to the Philippines and becomes the pawn of Muslim terrorist with a malevolent plan for him to execute.
The aliens make it so plainly obvious to their intentions that it'd be ridiculous not to notice what was happening with their landing on Earth...
Boring, gross and not at all scary.
Douglas rushes through everything, building a monotonous, anxious hum without mixing it up or giving the audience a break.
One of the best anthology horror films ever made
Loopy, film-literate and full-bore, it's a sadistic '70s thriller in modern-day garb.
Rather than offering new blood, Carrie is a purely cosmetic revamp.
Repo! The Genetic Opera proves to be a rare work of artistic ambition and integrity even if the ultimately depth of its impact may be limited to the viewer's appetite for severed body parts, singing and a serious lot of eyeliner.
Narratively and formally, Sinister 2 is a lot of the same, old same-old.
Where most teen horror movies revel in the peer group splintering and getting slaughtered, this one is more interested in how people gather around a loved one and shield her from harm.
Dispiriting and unpleasant, a trip to Eden Lake will leave most viewers feeling the need for a hot shower and a tetanus jab.
A tauter, more crisply paced and psychologically weightier exercise in reanimating the dead in soil turned sour.
I didn't need this film to tell me that beneath the glamour of the fashion industry lies a wasp's nest smothered in dog turd.
Not a straight remake of the 1976 cult horror movie, The Town That Dreaded Sundown is more a self-referential homage that takes the original film's legacy and embellishes it.
A classy French-Belgian horror with an unusual female perspective on monstrous taboos. Shocking but not sensationalist, this is a strong cannibal movie worth chewing over.
The good news is that Queen of the Damned isn't as bad as you might expect. The bad news is that it isn't nearly as good as its predecessor, Interview with the Vampire.
The payoff will keep your mind racing, and your face hiding under the covers, for days.
Light years away from Sharknado. [Full review in Spanish]
One genuinely gets the sense from the first hour of this film that Salva is exorcising some of his own demons.
Classic Castle exploitation rip-off of Psycho
(Aaliyah) absolutely transcends the screen and fills the whole theater with her presence...she dominates this incongruous vampire flick with her chilling allure.
Grave Encounters 2 delivers a sick, intense, and scary white-knuckled spookshow that reveres the groundwork set up by the original and expands upon it on every level.
The plot is a confusing, derivative mishmash of half-baked supernatural clichés, and the total absence of characterization makes it hard to care what happens.
None of this matters at all because the main characters are completely unlikable, and the momentum is consistently ruined by poor decision-making.
Surprisingly level-headed and persuasive in its restraint and succinct dialogue.
It's entertaining enough if all you require is a dash of gore and a few one liners, but this wolf has lost its bite.
It's a nearly exact copy of the original film that makes so few changes to the story that you have to wonder why they didn't just use the original screenplay and do a shot-for-shot remake along the lines of Gus Van Sant's pointless "Psycho" replica.
Ari Aster's Midsommar spooks its audiences not with what they don't know is about to happen, but what they can clearly see is about to happen, and can do nothing to stop. It's like being in a locked car rolling slowly towards a cliff.
The clock is ticking and in this movie the "victims" are fighting back. The feistiness of the characters lifts the movie from sub par to average and in this case that is a good thing.
The film isn't that frightening simply because we've seen this sort of 'girl attacked by demon' material countless times before.
It's something of an accomplishment to stage deaths so disgusting, the main reaction is nervous laughter.
Unfortunately, the writing is so weak and comes up so short that all the striking imagery amounts to practically nothing.
The stories themselves have a surprisingly high hit rate, but the film is let down by its poorly thought-out linking concept.
Once you get into the rhythms of the film, you'll discover a masterpiece.
Sadistic and all-too-derivative of Robin Hardy's 'The Wicker Man,' this pastoral/pagan horror film is filled with sinister, nightmarish rituals.
(T)here is a nice sense of dread here, a level of suspense that slowly dissipates as the movie meanders toward the exhausting end of its one hour and forty five minute run time.
Muddy and muddled 70s-style backwoods gothic Americana only comes to life when it rises to the accidentally silly. Little more than an incoherent showreel.
Second only to 1941's The Wolf Man as the greatest werewolf flick ever made, 1981's The Howling remains a high-water mark in lycanthrope cinema. That's why the very existence of this wretched movie is so depressing.
Stake Land has strong characters, a lucid script, plenty of action, and something more substantial to make it better-than-average.
Juno Mak's film is gorgeously-crafted, with an array of odd characters and eerie moments.
groundbreaking and ahead of its time
One nasty, brilliantly constructed scene after another.
Dunstan clearly delivers what horror fans desire: a leap from their seats.
Neither good enough to be worthwhile, nor bad enough to be interesting.
noticeably slicker and more elaborate than the original. Even so, it's not as eerie or consistently shocking.
More spellbinding than satisfying, but memorable and even haunting all the same.
It's a simple tale, told briskly and effectively by director Brian DePalma.
There's just too much "down time" and not enough energy to keep the flick afloat.
An abomination.
Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween made me more anxious.
The young leads are all uniformly excellent, but they're stuck in a film that doesn't seem to know what to do with them.
If you are looking to get in the Hallowe'en mood then Ouija: Origin Of Evil provides all the traditional thrills and spills of a scary movie.
Just when you think you've got it sussed, the movie throws in some audacious twists, resulting in one of the most memorable climaxes in recent screen history.
The Quiet Ones is a confused concept with great, star-quality performances that are its saving grace.
With the same twisted humor Raimi displayed in Evil Dead and Army of Darkness, his Drag Me to Hell is wickedly jolly and disturbingly frightening -- often at the same time.
No final das contas, at mesmo os dois personagens principais se tornam apenas caricaturas de homens descontrolados e em perigo, abandonando qualquer tentativa de tridimensionalidade.
It reminded me of the themes of Charlotte Wood's best-selling novel The Natural Way of Things in its disorientating abduction and feminist fight for survival in the back of beyond.
Perhaps not as extreme as in Panos Cosmatos' phantasmagoric horror, but it's still a lot of fun to see nebbish Nic slip into a full-on Cage rage at the drop of a hat.
(Aster's) confidence in his cleverness can overwhelm Midsommar, but his fearlessness is also captivating to watch explored on screen.
R. Lee Ermey's performance at the patriarch is impressively nutso. In every other respect, though, this is a redundant and deeply unpleasant movie.
Fans at the screening I attended tittered throughout, perhaps finding the story's overwhelming cheesiness harder to take when seeing it enacted before their eyes.
Aster is a filmmaker still defining his voice, and despite the growing pains, "Midsommar" is an intriguing step in its evolution.
Should have been aborted.
Hugely entertaining, superbly written sci-fi thriller that manages to be simultaneously scary, moving and darkly funny, thanks to strong direction, great special effects and terrific performances from its three leads.
Scary and fun and thrilling, The Wolfman brings the Universal Monsters back to the screen in a way that's fitting and modern and still respectful.
Spooky and atmospheric haunted house film, put to shame by the dreadful remake.
The worst of the Nightmares. Don't bother turning on to this Elm Street.
A serious misstep create with the sole purposes of exploiting a brand. [Full Review in Spanish]
Full of intriguing concepts and potential, but by the end much of that promise goes unfulfilled - with the film as a whole nearly sliding off the rails in the process.
With Possum, Holness has constructed a dark and twisted contemporary fairytale, designed to confront the impact of neglect and abuse.
More weird than scary.
The scares are tolerable and predictable, with the experience leaving you frustrated that the film's many opportunities were completely squandered.
"Slender Man" bravely goes against the well-established notion that scary movies should be scary.
What does it say about a horror movie -- especially the fifth in a long considered DOA franchise -- that you simply want the storyline to stop and the inventive deaths to occur?
provides little raw material for the performers to work with
The acting is always good, but when it's not, you can always expect that character to flash her boobs, so who's complaining?
A capable feature debut from Dave Franco that gets horror aspects right but struggles to develop the characters.
A familiar ghost story of sorts, screenwriters Bartok and Tom Abrams keep their heroine strong and give her enough vulnerability to be believable.
The inherent creepiness of the titular character never resonates and as such there are precious few scares.
It doesn't go the complete distance, but this is a wholly admirable, refreshingly grown-up science-fiction movie: a Frankenstein with a beating, gene-spliced heart and top-of-the-range performances.
The kids are great and the change of perspective does offer some different chills to the claustrophobic first movie. But there is no big twist to look forward to. And now the ghosts have stepped out of the shadows, they just don't seem that scary.
full review at Movies for the Masses
My suggestion is to see the original first and then skip this one altogether...
Just about worth seeing, but probably not as good as you'd imagine.
Suspiria is a classy, tinglingly stylish, charismatically acted yet chilly affair that crescendos madly in the final act (surged on by Thom Yorke's score) into a frenzied, full-frontal, Grand Guignol finale.
Entirely flat, despite the gimmicky effects
If you like your Leatherface deeply, darkly, distressingly scary -- this is not the movie for you.
Samara Weaving is a delightful star on the rise and Adam Brody emerges as a surprising favorite.
It's not long before the claret starts to flow. And it won't be too long before you start eyeing the exit sign.
You won't be counting down to the end credits; it paces itself well, doesn't overstay its welcome and gets the job done.
It's Bela. It's a classic. Unfortunately, it's also a dreadful little flick.
Preposterous with a capital P."
The pace and tension are both kept up throughout the film, aided and abetted by Danny Elfman's dramatic score and the remarkable visuals.
Crimson Peak's disjointed, laggy storyline renders it second-tier del Toro. Which is, of course, first-tier anyone else.
Here is a unique fright flick that sets out to terrify and does it to capacity, eschewing fangs and claws to find chills and thrills in the unquenchable evil of human madness.
Annabelle Comes Homeis a simple story with strong actors and meaty scares.
[Tyler Burton] Smith and director Lars Klevberg keep Mancini's jabs at capitalism a prominent theme of the film, but they fail to capture what made the original franchise stand out in the first place: Chucky.
This one represents Rob Zombie's "vision." That being the case, he's blind.
The script is quite clever ... Happy Death Day is one of the best horror-comedies to come out in some time ... it's a whole lot of fun.
A mess from start to finish -- though, judging by the ending, this story won't be over any time soon -- Insidious: Chapter 2 is the kind of lazy, halfhearted product that gives scary movies a bad name.
Saw movies and Halloween go together like ho and hum.
Is Scream 3 original? No. Does it matter anymore? Hardly.
The flick is delightful, spooky, and sleazy fun and should NOT be missed by anyone. Do not hesitate a second.
Simultaneously knowing and clueless, the script has the try-hard feel of someone attempting to update the savage teen talk of Heathers, while the plot unfurls as if Scream never happened.
Miller turns every scene that requires the slightest display of emotion into an overblown Oscar clip, complete with piercing wails and glycerine tears.
Could have been better, but still worth to take a look
Visually striking, sometimes disturbing
A poseur Grand Guignol, artistically indefensible and rank without purpose.
Devoid of scares and energy, the picture is all bumps in the night and has nothing to set it apart from its other forgettable post-Japanese horror contemporaries.
This is the sort of film that warrants a second viewing.
A handful of eek-eek-eek scenes aside, the movie's not so much gory as intensely unnerving, with just enough laughs larded in to remind us we're having a good time.
Most notable for a cast that includes Soleil Moon Frye, the former Punky Brewster, as a spooky teenager ('This stuff is way beyond Ouija boards, you guys'), and Roger Clinton, half-brother of then-President Bill Clinton, as 'Mayor Bubba.'
There is not a weak link to be had here, with a cast that completely understands what Ready or Not wants to be, and builds it brick by outrageous brick.
Schmidt makes us flinch the old-fashioned way -- by giving us a box seat to the unspeakable.
Nutty, nerve-shredding and fiendish fast-paced fun throughout.
Too much of the movie takes place in dark rooms where people describe horrors that might more profitably have been on the screen, and the plot is a house of cards that constantly collapses.
Even hard-core horror can go too far. Saw II is as punishing as it gets. It's effective, all right, but to what end? Certainly not entertainment.
Director Stuart Hazeldine makes the most of a small budget and modest cast in a solidly put together watch-it-once thriller that's all about the process of solving the puzzle at its heart.
A thriller with a twisted ending that feels clumsy, laboured and unconvincing throughout.
Ritual demonstrates [David Bruckner's] narrative maturity and his attempt to build something different for his solo career. [Full Review in Spanish]
Strangely straightforward for being an episode of Glee attached to a paint-by-numbers slasher flick, Human Centipede-style.
A perhaps prophetic satire celebrating senseless slaughter as a natural national holiday in such a gun-loving country!
Scary Stories makes for a terrific introduction to serious horror for a young audience, yet it still packs enough spooky sights to entertain older genre fans.
Genuinely striking and unnerving, the film manages to ramp up the fright factor to such overly intense levels that uneasy laughter provides the only release.
While parallels with the Iraq situation are unmistakeable, it's more concerned with terrifyingly dismal atmosphere and a kinetic, intense race for survival.
A desperate attempt at an allegorical warning to today's technology obsessed-society.
jiiihaaa, we kinda suck
Dark Water proves that the horrors of the human condition are just as frightening, if not more so, than all things that go drip in the night.
That fatal flaw that this shares with the original is the best part of the film being in the initial plot-revealing 20 minutes. From here, it fails to build on the tension.
more likely to induce a coma than a nightmare
A restrained, ripely atmospheric thriller that relies more on mood than on special effects.
Saw often resembles the ghastliest editions yet of Fear Factor and Survivor and features some of the grodiest direction this side of Project Greenlight.
Gives you the creeps, the giggles and the groans in almost equal measure.
This film does have a lot of heart and it has some really unique twists and turns along the way... but I really felt with the competing storylines it was just too much.
A well-orchestrated mix of foreboding atmosphere, discordant music, and visual freak-outs
A lavish curio that at times tests your patience, but rewards you with its sumptuous design.
Perhaps all this one needed to be was better than the 2004 film. And indeed it very much is.
There is so much here that one admires, one wishes that there was more to love.
An utterly baffling and stunningly boring zombie horror thriller.
These are some of the nastiest, least-improving fairytales ever concocted, warning that every dream brings with it a nightmare.
There's no camp in this vamp; the lady, and the film, is a tramp.
Seriously, if you haven't yet - forget Lake Placid and dip your toes into those alligator-infested, turbulent waters instead.
It is deadly serious, but carries with it an echo or ghost of how this same material could have been played as ironic black comedy.
One of the worst horror sequels ever made, and I've seen them all.
While there is a well-maintained sense of lurking discomfort, the gotcha scenes feel a little cheap.
Generally does its job well, delivering thrills and creepiness with a great look and a high-energy Halle Berry performance.
It's brave, bold, ambitious..... and not very good.
Antal is a little too gleeful in showing the dank motel and the seedy snuff films, suggesting the movie's biggest vacancy is in its makers' souls.
Taken as a ghoulish fairground ride, James Wan's Grand Guignol shocker eventually delivers the jolts and thrills it promises.
Dark Skies is a good story, well told and one that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
An extremely gory but never completely gripping horror.
It's not the worst looking or shoddiest made horror movie to come down the pike in recent memory, but it's assuredly near the top of the list if one were ranking them based on overall boredom and tedium.
In spite of its many faults, The Strangers: Prey At Night is entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
Who needs a coherent text when you've got all this American carnage to watch?
Laughworthy bumps in the night, creaky rocking chairs, a demon-infested basement and more gliding baby carriages than an '80s De Palma film.
This isn't an instant classic, but it definitely reaffirms that Wan can do some interesting things within the horror genre.
Clumpy, gore-laden, inglorious fun that's a structural sham, but gets by on frights and freaky demon monsters! MTDTY provides cracking comedy amongst the gunk, but the clumsy script, gawky dialogue and strained duration are hard to disregard.
Although not exactly a hidden gem from the glory days of American studio horror, Firestarter is still worth a watch (if mostly for the notability or notoriety of its cast).
...there's something charming about it, as if all the tacky aspects of the 1950s (and again, I'm talking about the white, squeaky clean, small town 1950s) were distilled into a fast-moving 86 minutes.
Even those who are deathly afraid of clowns will have trouble finding enjoyable bouts of horror in this survival thriller.
Overall, a mediocre film with a few adequately chilling moments.
I saw The Lords of Salem....I didn't really like it!
Mclean injects the grimmest of grim humour into the mix (including a bizarre reference to the Rolf Harris classic Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport), and I imagine Quentin Tarantino is one of the movie's biggest fans. But the end result is manipulative and ugly.
Conventions aside the film establishes a palpable sense of suspicion and dread and manages to retain it throughout.
Creepy, genuinely scary, and above all else, original.
I think it's a fascinating movie that, if you are able to make the leap it asks of you at about the three-quarter mark, will give you something to think and talk about for days.
See this one with a crowd, and it will undoubtedly be one of the more memorable horror films of 2019. Just don't pretend like Ma is quite as smart as it would like to be.
Fans of Zombie's work might find some things to love about 31, but it feels like he was kinda phoning it on on this one.
Between Lincoln's ineptitude and the vacant prettiness of Greene and Stan, "The Apparition" becomes just a pile of false starts and dead ends that never build to anything truly frightening.
Genre fans and newcomers alike should skip this monstrosity and go rent Ginger Snaps instead.
Leigh Whannell kicks off the re-envisioned Monster Universe with a hyper-intense modern-twist on a classic story.
It's this feeling of vulnerability that Peli's slow-burning supernatural chiller so effectively exploits, fashioning heart-stopping scares out of almost nothing.
Deep Blue Sea 3 has surprises all round - it looks stunning, the acting is mostly great, it's enthralling and it's just a very good addition to a franchise we had largely forgotten about...
Its influences are obvious, but that hardly matters, when the film deftly delivers the scares.
Ludicrous and offensive in equal measure. Avoid.
Silly, spooky monster mash-up "Goosebumps" doesn't have to be as good as it is. Slyly smarter and more entertaining than it appears, adults might have just as much fun as the kids who will undoubtedly gobble up this Halloween treat.
Fun-filled, oddball British vampire flick
An atmospheric world surrounds thoughtful but half-hearted horrors. As The Shape of Water also suggested, del Toro is sometimes too soft-hearted to equal the horror traditions he loves.
Little more than a brain damaged, irony-free, and curiously toothless attempt to retread the success of last year's surprising summer gorefest, Piranha 3D.
delivers excellent character work, social commentary, biblical torment andknuckle-biting gory thrills
oh-no, not jello, NOT JELLO!
Beautifully shot and utterly uninteresting.
One of the scariest horror movies in years - and not the creep-up-and-prod-you kind of scary either, but a profound, unsettling dread that gnaws at your bones, and which comes back to find you in the dark.
Beckinsale is a good actress and does her best with the material.
... generic and predictable ...
A movie can only be a pleasant surprise once. So it goes with "Happy Death Day 2U," the inevitable, and perhaps inevitably disappointing, follow-up to the 2017 hit "Happy Death Day."
The direction is lousy, the acting is poor, the plot is preposterous, but the film is mildly amusing if you're a diehard fan of Friday the 13th.
A pit-stop bloodbath that attempts various narrative tricks, yet follows in footsteps that've been worn flat-and-smooth by too many other indie horror filmmakers to count.
Peele dives fully into racial issues and the horror genre with Get Out and crafts one hell of an impressive debut.
A disturbing, curiously beautiful British horror exercise. Recommended, but with a warning: next time you wake up in the middle of the night, you'll find Possum at the end of the bed.
The five filmmakers brought together here are so varied that there's bound to be something for every horror fan. It also means that there will be plenty that won't work for everyone.
Beneath the story's weird surface, there's also a perceptive study of the fraught relationship between the two brothers.
A high-end feature-length version of The Outer Limits, combined with a fond enthusiasm for creative gore and populated by a trio of characters who are actually interesting.
Once the hackers infiltrate everyone's computer and a sense of dread hangs over the unwitting young folks, "Dark Web" develops an effective rhythm.
Bite is rife with unfulfilled potential. Even if all you want is to be grossed out, it doesn't push the envelope far enough and lacks the originality and sense of fun that could've made it a cult favorite.
Not for the faint of heart or the easily motion sick.
As far as fourth installments in a series, Saw IV is quite impressive.
Prepare to be scared senseless, and then, when you think you have it figured, your certainty will be shaken by scenes built to scare you even more.
Pure slasher goodness!
With his toothpick build and childish voice, Bates appears to be little more than a shy coward, making the revelation of his psychotic nature shocking.
A dandy Halloween feature with a good needle-in-the-butt jump every five minutes or so
Sputnik's third act is a rush of formulaic action meant, perhaps, to compensate for the interminably repetitive and impersonal second act, which is mostly concerned with reinforcing a set of foregone conclusions.
Boggles the mind with how many things it gets wrong.
A hauntingly original and genuinely unsettling take on familiar spooky elements that ultimately doesn't quite hang together and might even alienate hardcore horror fans.
A watershed movie in the horror genre.
As 'Halloween' begins to play out onscreen, it quickly becomes obvious that this story was not about Myers and Strode-it was a much more important look at how surviving isn't living, and trauma can poison a family for several generations.
A modicum of suspense and thrills can't wash away the errors in the script and in the performances. John Cho, Jacki Weaver, Demian Bichir - what are you doing in this movie?
The last thing this film wants to do is make a believable world.
I'm not sure I'd call it classic Raimi horror, because I think his very first films, the Evil Dead films, were quite a lot better than this. I just didn't really think it worked on the visceral horror level that he does so well at his best.
Steeped in gorgeous and vibrant texture, with occasional shades of gray helping to underscore the nightmarish plight that keeps the characters penetrated, The Cell is a brilliant candidate for one of the year's best movies.
Perhaps the tots will get a decent rise out of the jolly emptiness that is Goosebumps. As for the rest of us, we will probably get a better result in sucking on last year's recycled stale Halloween candy.
All in all, Prince of Darkness isn't in the top echelon of Carpenter films, but it's still a taut, terrifying affair anchored by a tour de force performance from Donald Pleasence.
Gore should never dominate good horror films at the expense of mood, and Pet Sematary gets the balance spot on.
Turns out to be preposterous shlock, more like a 'Nightmare on Elm Street' sequel than a Shyamalan flick.
If there is such a thing as a successful piecemeal horror film, 28 Weeks Later is it.
Could there be any dobut that a horror movie starring kooky, uncanny string-bean Crispin Glover would be a weird B-movie bonanza of creepy-crawly macabre?
unnecessary sequel
sets a new standard for found-footage horror with a story that hews to the tropes of the original and yet is a fresh hell of imagination and primal fear.
Consider yourself warned.
The Devil's Rejects doesn't just deserve to be rejected, but to be buried in a hole so dank that no one will discover it.
Suspenseful and scary, this remake is filled with spooky, supernatural terror.
A reboot is definitely in order here.
Plays with cinematic form and representation like few movies of any style have gotten away with under the aegis of a big Hollywood studio.
Not bad if you can get past the "Invasion of the Plot Snatchers" set-up.
It could have used a little more back story, and backbone, but I like that the movie had a lot to say.
Most notable for a cast that includes Soleil Moon Frye, the former Punky Brewster, as a spooky teenager ('This stuff is way beyond Ouija boards, you guys'), and Roger Clinton, half-brother of then-President Bill Clinton, as 'Mayor Bubba.'
Just when the slasher genre had mercifully been left for dead, along comes this abysmally wasteful exercise to drain it of whatever life it has left.
One of the year's truly great films.
Good trash or stupid trash? I'd say roughly half and half.
Ouija: Origin of Evil succeeds on many levels.
It's rare to find a movie that so adeptly frightens us while also giving us something to think about.
Several things make this film a surprisingly good sleeper.
Pesce gives us everything by way of standard Grudge fare, but he also sidesteps genre fans' expectations by digging even deeper here with this latest Grudge project.
John Moore has ultimately succeeded in creating an adequate xerox of the first film but failed to keep us from asking why it was worth doing in the first place.
The whole purpose behind this remake seems to be the same one behind many horror films these days: to throw as many buckets of blood around on the screen as you possibly can.
3-D, the stamp of greatness...
...both memorable and controversial, inspiring the kind of water cooler horror-fan talk that the 'The Ring' managed to generate before it was diluted with all the sequels.
Blends haunted house techniques with home invasion and unholy revenge, culminating in a spectacularly grim conclusion.
Riddled with alarming moments - primarily from wandering down dark hallways alone, but also from sitting in silence waiting for the next inevitable avian ambush.
There's no suspense, and it isn't scary.
a film of ideas, one that demands attention and thought
Like its villain, its brute strength makes up for its relative lack of brains.
The film is awkward and, at its worst, listless and meandering.
...looks good but leaves an unpleasant aftertaste.
The 2010 version is a creature of its time, unfortunately. It has little idea how to create tension, a liability that director Joe Johnston conceals with a high gross-out factor.
A stylish, intelligent riff on Frankenstein that engages your mind and your senses equally.
If the movie has a flaw, it's too many surprises.
A work of pure suspense unseen since the days of Hitchcock, expertly blended with some of the most gruesome effects ever conceived. The Thing is a brilliant horror film by any standard.
A blatant example of studio tinkering and tampering, focus groups gone awry, pandering to the PG-13 crowd, and all the other things that can ruin a film.
It features McKee's predilection for homosocial female bonding, though ultimately suffers from an anticlimactic finale and a rather unremarkable female lead.
Other than a few witty jokes and a game cast, there's nothing particularly special here. Still, the nods to masters like Wes Craven and George Romero -- along with buckets of blood -- ought to thrill horror fans.
A horror film examining the residual trauma that being the protagonist of a horror film might provoke is definitely appealing and Curtis expresses that trauma with a strong conviction that demonstrates her deep understanding of the character.
Overall, The Dark Tower doesn't quite live up to the scale and majesty of its source material, but that was never going to be a fair bar to set considering the cinematic obstacles inherent to the narrative. Judged on its own, it's an engaging film.
What we have here is Conspiracy Theory 101 all Blair-Witched-up.
Really, werely disappointing.
Death takes no holiday!
The title doesn't just refer to what lurks in the lake's still water. It's a guide to where Beneath's substance lies, the acid heart inside its plastic chest.
Enjoyably trashy Jaws/Piranha rip-off, enlivened by likeable performances and some impressive 3D effects, but the plot is laugh-out-loud ridiculous and there's an oddly prudish approach to gore and nudity.
[A] deliciously dark first offering from Egor Abramenko.
As a video-nasty take on hazing gone to stunning extremes, this indie gem ... does pretty well for itself.
It sticks to gimmicky scenes in which twentysomethings are dispatched in ingenious ways, but first-time director Steven Quayle delivers cheap fun that will keep fans happy.
Stick with the original and Chainsaw 2.
In the end, The Wolfman reminded me of a couple of people I have dated - achingly beautiful but emotionally barren, and just a tiny little bit scary.
Scenarios served up in the name of entertainment include castration, boiling-waterboarding and rape. Ultimately, the reason this film is unwatchable is the shouty, spitty overacting from Dieter Laser.
This adaptation of famous author, Anne Rice, is going to have her legions of fans up in arms and weilding wooden stakes.
...shockingly non-horrific.
These problems are what make The New Daughter creep along like a real ant. It's barely engaging, tough to watch at times, and straight-up boring. If anything, Daughter feels like a made-for-TV movie that would eventually hit SyFy or get dumped on DVD.
You should have left this direct-to-DVD disappointment in the Red Box - or never have rented it on VOD. Just don't bother...
Dig Two Graves is bolstered quite a bit by its focus on atmosphere, as well as the two central performances, but it remains a journey toward the inevitable.
Chilling special effects highlight a rather gory production.
Every moment of The Skulls is just as idiotic as it sounds.
A bald-faced lamprey hitching its razor-tipped maw on the chassis of The Exorcist, The Omen's Sunday school parable of gothic Cathsploitation comes twice as thick and thrice as pious.
Alternates between grueling amounts of bad dialogue and silly humor for the teen set; except for a few moments involving the werewolves and the Volturi, it's fairly dismissible drivel.
A gorgeously-shot but dawdling and ditzy parable on race and "the patriarchy," told in three acts.
a well-trotted mess
A perfectly calibrated (and generally perfect) feature debut from a director who got exactly what he wanted
Depending exclusively on countless endeavors of the past to emit its energy, the picture would serve as a worthwhile experience only to those who have never seen a horror movie in their life.
Those seeking horror will be frustrated with its wacky, nerdy slant, ensuring this film will irritate both those in search of scares and those bookish enough to appreciate a smarter sci-fi thriller.
Earns a few points for sheer silliness once Act III rolls around, but you'll have to muddle through a whole lot of familiar tedium to get there. Nice scenery, though.
The Visit's a spooky, so-so little fairy tale based on the premise that older people are inherently bizarre. Sounds legit -- so long as you're making movies for super young, slow, and gullible audiences.
It's aim is off, and its intentions are skewed. It's the result of a horror fan taking himself - and his film - way too seriously.
superbly crafted gothic folk story
[Bliss] can be considered its director's most artistically ambitious work. [Full review in Spanish]
Unoriginal horror with graphic violence, blood, and language
[Sundance 2016] The paper-thin characters, the busy, monotone dialogue and especially the monotonous camerawork spell a less-than-enthusiastic fate for "31."
Approaches a heavy topic issue with seriousness, yet never lets it overweigh the entertaining, engrossing nature of his story.
The usual idiotic decision-making is on display.
The avian-suicide thing wasn't that scary when we saw it last week in Dark Skies.
Seriously scary in a few spots, but dry and overly verbose for the most part.
Rob Zombie semble désormais posséder tous les attributs nécessaires pour en devenir l'un des artisans les + importants de sa génération
As a showcase of the limitless power of the imagination, Paprika never fails to delight the eye and engage the mind. We are never sure exactly whom we should be cheering for, or even if we're rooting for real characters or their avatars.
And if you thought a Satanic doll was creepy, that '70s wallpaper is the real horror, honey. (Read that last part in Paul Lynde's voice.)
Super scary, in a truly fun way, even if a bit over the top. I love diving into the world of the Warren families' 'room of evil things.' This made me want to see a movie about their daughter Judy, who already sees ghosts.
The latest eye-popping and surreal anime from Satoshi Kon (Tokyo Godfathers).
Ti West knows how to set up his prey for the kill
Chilling genre fare that crawls its way beneath your skin like dirt under badly-bitten fingernails.
Witty, inventively rigged scares, alongside the cast's solid performances, raise this one above the average cash-grab.
The only element this turkey of a bomb of a debacle is missing is Lindsay Lohan.
There are lots of gory in-the-mouth close-ups, showing teeth being destroyed, needles being jammed into the gums and other graphic indignities
The best horror-comedy ever made.
If not quite as great as its predecessor, still a pretty damn fine genre picture.
At some point, the ghost-chasing Warrens might want to consider getting rid of all that spooky stuff they have locked away in the spare bedroom.
The only good thing about this film is that Christina Ricci is still channeling Wednesday Addams.
New Moon knows what it is, what it isn't and how to quench fans. It can't say the same, though, for outsiders.
A true Hollywood horror show that surely, would we not be in a pandemic, should have ended up buried on a streaming service.
a stylish cut above most of the recent J-horror remakes - but once again it seems that the waters of Asian ghost stories flow purer, deeper and darker at source.
Brace yourselves.
A horrific tale about the mysteries of unseen boundaries. Whatever you do, don't watch it with the person you love. It gets rather awkward. [Full review in Spanish].
There's so much goo in the film, it looks like God sneezed on the set.
Take the numbers 06-06-06 and calculate them according to the rituals of ancient mystical prophecy, and what do you get? Zilch.
This is easily Smith's most mature endeavor to date, and it shows significant growth as a filmmaker. And that's what makes Red State both a triumph and a let-down.
The opening 20 minutes offer a brilliant insight into the world of an evangelical minister who is being filmed for a documentary.
Poor Jigsaw. The architect of the most deadly traps ever committed to celluloid has endured inoperable cancer, a debilitating car crash and even the premature death of his son, but nothing as painful or degrading as 'Saw IV.'
A pretty classy sequel that only becomes silly at the end.
Altogether it's a simple, but relatively satisfying, horror film.
Hopkins is in his element and, as usual, incredibly fun to watch. He's a bit heftier than Hannibal Lecter, but the dangerous twinkle is still there.
This re-imagining of Chucky's origins manages to be both crazier and more level-headed than the original, in which the doll strolled around Chicago talking like a gangster from "Guys and Dolls."
In tone, it's really the predecessor of James Cameron's gung-ho sequel Aliens.
What could have been a run-of-the-mill zombie flick was, for me, really elevated into an emotional story in the final act. When the inevitable heart-wrenching decisions do come, they feel earned and are effectively sold by the impressive acting.
Let the great, dumb, pointless debate rage on.
A blast of entertainment, fun and ingenuity. [Full review in Spanish]
Is it too much? Oh, yeah. But if you like this kind of thing, too much is never enough.
With The Messengers, the Pang brothers devise scenes so scary that they stain the imagination and never scrub out.
By any objective accounting, Thirteen Ghosts is exactly a baker's dozen too many -- this is a zero of a film.
A solid haunting-possession movie with good character work and unusual local colour, this works in a few surprises, sufficient scares and a nicely barbed punchline.
It's a lot of fun -- if you like to grimace, jump and squirm in the theater.
"Found footage horror" is here to stay, so let's concentrate on simply separating the good ones from the bad.
A sensational opening makes the disappointing final act hurt all the more as American Mary falls in a heap in its final act.
In the hands of director David Bruckner, the deep, dark woods are scary enough on their own, but hallucinatory psychological terrors and grisly physical dangers also lie in wait for the ill-fated quartet.
A diabolically psychotic, sub-mental and completely unwatchable disaster ...
The Wind could have been much better if editing and creative timelines took a step back, and allowed the harrowing story and stellar performances to be the focus of the terror. As it is, the film tries far too hard to tell a tale that needs no frills.
A film that wrings its terror not from gruesome imagery or sudden visual jolts but through a smart psychological rendering of our universal fear of the unknown.
This is a crime, drug, dark-comedy, romance, horror, and science fiction thriller. There are far too few of those around.
Stephen King has inspired plenty of terrible movies before; we guesstimate the number at around 40 to 50. But "The Dark Tower" has to sting.
Provides some old-school scares that may well leave you listening for skittering sounds every night for the rest of your life.
The Rental is a relationship drama that suddenly turns into a slasher movie. It probably shouldn't work, and yet, director Dave Franco finds a way to strike the right balance.
The completely formulaic script by Trey Callaway is directed by the numbers by Danny Cannon.
The film's tone does of course go off the rails here and there, but Stovall holds his nerve, keeping things under control right to the abrupt, bitter end.
Willow Creek is a well-crafted, slow-burning horror that uses the found footage approach to deliver a movie that is just as much about what you don't see as what you do. A found footage movie as it should be done.
Exists is a formulaic monster movie that succeeds in delivering some killer Bigfoot material by confidently turning Sasquatch into a Hollywood star instead of a camera-shy creature.
Like some Stephen King rewrite of 'The Reader,' this laughable but interesting movie traces its characters' distress to the Holocaust: Never forget, because 'Jumby wants to be born!'
The best of the Scream sequels...
Familiar but fresh, this brisk, gory mashup of horror and teen adventure movie is inspired by many 1970s and '80s favorites, but it's less a slavish copy than it is an enthusiastic, adoring tribute.
If it's laughs you are after, however unintentional, this movie provides all the precious morsels. Starting with the idea that anyone felt the need to make it.
Psychopaths is Mickey Keating's wildest, most exciting exploration of madness to date, offering a terrific ensemble of indie horror all-stars and some truly dazzling filmmaking.
You'll discover a little of everything in this movie; intelligence, wit, horror, humour, deceit, cinematography, dread, realism, scores, fear and more.
A spare demonic possession drama that wrings plenty of spooky and often amusing engagement out of its set-up, but is crucially undone by editorial choices which betray its mock-doc framework.
More grisly than scary; not for kids.
Ready or Not is a joyously fun time that ensures that Radio Silence are filmmakers to be reckoned with and cements Samara Weaving as a bona fide star. Recommended.
It's a nifty what's-going-on-here? setup with loads of potential, all of which is sadly squandered.
The whole thing feels underwhelming, particularly compared to the original.
Like the other sequels, The Howling Reborn takes a great concept and completely flushes it down the toilet in order to exploit modern horror/werewolf trends.
Sheer, sadistic malevolence...
The only thing scary about this franchise is the spectre of a third installment.
Bava's sumptuous visuals remain, with the director innovative in his employment of multiple side lights to give scenes a luminous quality and make playful use of shadows.
Nastier, more playful, and just as good if not better than the original film.
The usual TV actors -- including some fellow who looks the love child of Tom Cruise and Peter Gallagher's eyebrows -- being systematically offed because they cheated death.
With its visual wonders and mindbending narrative, The Lords of Salem is unlike anything Rob Zombie has ever done before.
Not much about the movie makes sense, though there are occasional schlocky thrills.
More so than previous entries in the series, Paranormal Activity 4 plays a great deal of its runtime for laughs. As a result it's not half as scary as you might hope.
Ready or Not keeps building and building, with seemingly no where left to go, until it surprises you with an ending so deliciously on-point that you'll leave the theater with a buzz.
One of the most interesting American horror films of 1981.
It's horribly dated, the acting's lousy, the 3D effects are worthless and the monster is a man in a rubber suit. Yet Creature from the Black Lagoon remains one of the all-time classic monster movies.
What's most interesting about Get Out is how it taps into the same idea to fuel both its comedy and horror: the recognition of social truths.
As a late-night scary movie, Wildling has enough to hold the attention for 90 minutes and is entertaining for the most part.
It's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison.
A virtuous, even happy tape, so to speak. [Full Review in Spanish]
A darker, more cynical and unnerving meditation that cuts a few story corners but takes surprising risks that improves on the ending of King's own book and will have loyal fans debating its impact.
Many movies about killer aquatic creatures on the loose have succeeded due to a lightweight, carefree mood or an ironic tone; Shark Night has none of this.
Tennyson Bardwell's pretentious psycho-supernatural flick doesn't even qualify as guilty-pleasure camp. It's the sort of bad movie that will make you lose faith in the genre altogether.
It's not so much an archetypical romantic irony as a manic-depressive fancy brought on by a hormonal imbalance.
1BR has a lot to say about what a person is willing to sacrifice to be happy and if said sacrifice is worth it. It does so effectively and intensely, with a smart script, a few plotholes aside, and excellent directing.
Thhis B film is full of cliches and has zero originality. [Full review in Spanish]
Burton piles on the artistic gore for this rendition. He just forgets to add the terror.
While Randall maintains tension and a palpable sense of ambiguity, his film also happens to be a bit slow and clumsy, biting off more than it can chew. It especially gets laughably convoluted towards the end, where plausibility is stretched...
Get Out performs a service that only high-end horror and comedy films (+ some science-fiction) can: present a disturbingly honest, critical analysis of the status quo safely disguised as an entertaining genre work.
Someone built another house on top of a graveyard. Dummies!
The filmmakers should have put more effort into searching for a decent lead actor and less into depicting torturous ways for people to die.
Brutally violent horror remake is a huge waste.
The anchoring performance of Rueda is what keeps this second-hand material fresh and forcefully involving.
Based on ancient mythology, this Christmas horror movie has a gleefully nasty attitude that makes it entertaining even if it isn't properly frightening.
Superbly effective and vividly executed, Hader is the heart and soul of the horror epic.
Surprisingly, even after waiting 20 years, they managed to turn out a smart, darkly-comic thriller with some imaginitive twists.
The scariest thing in the movie is the threat of yet another sequel at the end.
XX is a mundane horror anthology at best, and a slow-burn experience that never reaches a boil at its worst.
The proper Purge film that should have been made in the first place.
[Rec] is wonderfully paced and there are some genuine scares as bodies unexpectedly fall into frame or jump out of the darkness.
If this weren't my job, I don't know if I'd ever care about watching another movie in this franchise.
Seemingly struggling to find a raison d'être, dramatic or otherwise, the film grasps at subtextual straws.
While nothing about Sinister 2 is especially memorable, it's reasonably entertaining with sufficiently lowered expectations.
Unendurably boring in its superfluousness, its ersatz feel accentuated by a plethora of digital effects, Undead is simply a stiff
Once Extraterrestrial gets gruesome and starts delivering the mayhem, there's certainly some fun to be found here.
The series is already so dense with internal references and exposition that it's on the verge of becoming more of a trivia game than a movie series. Still, for the initiated, the third time's a charm. For everyone else, it's just a scream.
Maybe the weakest entry in the popular series of movies.
The filmmakers tone down the silliness - at least for a while - and alter the midpoint twist in a way that, whatever King loyalists may think of it, generates a few genuinely disturbing scenes.
This is a riveting family drama for the first quarter or so, then it plunges into a mystery thriller before hitting the horror stride full-on within the last half hour.
Elizabeth Olsen, below, stars in a remake of a Uruguayan horror, whose chief distinction is that it is shot in a single continuous take.
The story is a mess, some of the images offensive, the acting under par and the dialogue silly.
Thinly-plotted but gloomy, detailed and bleak parable of Industrial Revolution Wales and what it does to one girl and her family.
The frenzied atmosphere of darkness may be a little off-putting for some, but it only helps to invigorate the well-worn tale with new energy.
Wish Upon is a Final Destination redux that pulls too many punches.
Freaks is essentially what would happen if the X-Men were to have lived in Room within the Chronicle universe. It's been a long time since you've seen a sci-fi film quite like this.
Despite a handful of hiccups and a smattering of cliches, it does exactly what it sets out to do: It ratchets up the tension, then sustains it for an hour and a half.
Nothing even remotely interesting occurs.
What it lacks in all time toxicity...The Human Centipede makes up for in flustering skin crawling substance.
Directed with the same cross-genre dexterity as Kathryn Bigelow's seminal vampire western Near Dark, Raw is a thrillingly confident and vigorously executed work.
Unevenness is the strongest facet of Three... Extremes, a diverse and successfully chilling horror triptych.
Glacial in tone, sluggish in pace, and lifeless in performance, the film is a dreary, uninteresting dullard.
Wretched excuse for a horror flick.
This Dark Tower is practically guaranteed to vex the books' fans, who will be painfully aware of what's missing and what a wasted opportunity it all is.
I guess it wouldn't have been enough to just make an intelligent and gripping drama about Ivy League secret societies. No, we had to have a murder, coverup, good guys, bad guys, and so on.
As silly as the premise might sound, Unfriended is actually a surprisingly clever movie. It's far smarter and meaner than it looks.
A comedic horror sci-fi mixture that manages to be sly, stupid, obvious, and creative -- often all at the same time.
Gruesome and borderline-great Barker adaptation.
A pattern of studio interference and missteps prevented Alien from being all it could be, but the film is unfairly maligned and still manages to be an enjoyable, if flawed, outing.
Beware! 70s horror film is ultra violent.
The Dinner Party is a solid genre effort that slots neatly into the variety of recent movies that have taken aim at those who use their money and influence for nefarious purposes.
On reflection, Mirrors may have been better going straight to the DVD shelf.
The real-life parallels certainly lends Sea Fever an extra level of chilling intrigue.
Ultimately it is really difficult to care about the storyline and/or the characters in Scanners.
The two hormonal teenagers sizzle like sausages in a frying pan. The supernatural stunts don't disappoint. Neither does the deadpan wit.
Under the Shadow shows that horror is still alive and well in cinema and not only do I hope that Iran does more genre films, I really hope it brings Iranian cinema out of the shadows and into the mainstream.
It is possible that "Birdemic: Shock and Terror" is one of the worst films ever made ... and that is precisely why it will not be forgotten. [Full review in Spanish]
An intense siege movie that gives familiar tropes a blistering makeover courtesy of a precision-engineered plot, a thorough understanding of the world in which it's set and a gnarly and uncompromising approach to violence.
Beautiful, devastating and thoroughly unpleasant, Midsommar is destined to become a horror classic, one that we discuss and break apart for years to come.
Jorden Peele has appeared on the scene as a master of atmospheric dread and terror, and it's that skill that saves 'Us' from a week (even by horror standards) storyline.
Nasty, nerve-wracking and not for the squeamish.
"Rites of Spring" yields a slender bounty.
One of the classiest thrillers to never come out of Hollywood
There's no denying that first-time feature filmmaker Daniel Goldhaber has created something special with Cam, though, regardless of what happens in its final moments, and I look forward to seeing whatever he does next (the same goes for Brewer as well).
The narrative rule of thumb is show, don't tell, but this film does the opposite, to sinister effect.
If you're expecting lots and lots of extreme gore you won't be disappointed.
There's no attempt to be seriously disturbing, or to offer us anything more than a macabre good time. Still, on that level the film delivers.
More gruesome deathtraps, more blood and more gore, but shows signs of losing steam.
good ending that can't save generally disappointing film
a solid stand-alone experience
Guadagnino's flavorless film is less a straight remake than a dreaded "homage," with subtext becoming text, the unspoken getting spoken and tantalizing assumptions transforming into leaden story points.
Well filmed and acted, but with a plot as cheesy as a 1950s B-movie, this film is fairly creepy but not very scary
proves it's not necessarily 'game over' for the video-game movie genre.
... even by the logistically malleable standards of the horror genre, Venom lacks even the barest rudiments of the form ...
Here we have the three B's of horror -- bland, bad and boring -- packed into 88 minutes (that seemed much longer) in a sequel that nobody asked for.
It contains one of the grimmest, most disturbing acts on film. Nothing in Raw can top it, but Raw has an edginess that pervades, an unpredictability that draws and pulls you much in the same way Justine discovers her true gastronomical desires.
Wastes little time on trivialities like casting, acting, character development and script.
This may be nothing more than a low-budget horror sequel, yet it is one that is much better than the straight-to-video label would lead you to believe.
Another super-intriguing, shoegazing, almost-there slice of genre revision from the directors of Spring.
So much of Dark Water is contrived that it defies the mind to try to make sense of it.
The Lawnmower Man echoes Frankenstein and a zillion other noble-scientist-whose-experiment-goes-awry movies.
This schizophrenic buddy pic is the real deal.
There isn't much to Midsommar beyond the shock value, and that has diminishing returns.
This is a mighty scary horror film, one of the best pure sit-in-the-dark-and-tell-a-scary-story movies to come down the pike in quite some time.
Some misguided critics are praising the film for its originality. Instead, it ought to be condemned as nothing less than Nazi filmmaking.
It's weird, fun, and surprisingly touching, a film that works way better than it has any right to.
It might not spawn a new series of masked killer movies, but it certainly shows its adoration for them throughout the movie. It also has a beat, and you can dance to it.
It is relentless and unsettling, and as a bonus, it turns a Carpenters wedding staple into a murder ballad. That, my friends, takes skill.
...an adaptation that manages to fare even worse than its subpar source material.
A diabolically psychotic, sub-mental and completely unwatchable disaster ...
You won't be indifferent. The Neon Demon is pretty loopy, but its gorgeous absurdities are more interesting than most sane movies can offer.
The directors have come up with a new and powerful way to film a thriller: Silent House contains no quick editing in the active moments, and there is never an instance when the movie cuts unexpectedly to something scary as the soundtrack thunders.
Sick as the story is, it's the visuals that give Saw it's visceral punch.
Though the poster bravely boasts this movie as being ''from the mind of M Night Shyamalan'', Devil is actually not an over-long, near-unwatchable piece of badly directed high-concept dross, but a tight little killer thriller.
Hilarious, bizarre and provocative. You'll never look at The Shining the same way again
The tricky camera moves that fill up "Silent House" make for one-half of a nerveracking horror film - before the movie's obviousness just gets on your nerves.
The initial scene-setting is strong, but the film quickly becomes a mess. The tortuous subplot about the dark childhood of mum Rachel...is a drain. The "spooky wood" effects are laughable...The final horror climax is wearisome and predictable.
A bit more refined in its details than the conventional horror movie.
Pretty uneven, but it has a fresh spirit and it feels like these filmmakers want the final word on the found-footage horror craze. After six shorts full of shaky cam and thin plot lines, you might be ready to let them put it to rest.
A decent zombie film
A cut above average.
Suspenseful horror movie has a lot of profanity, drinking.
Devilishly well-constructed with plenty of chilling twists and turns, Cam is a modern day De Palma-esque techno-thriller that elevates above standard Black Mirror fare through clever direction and a committed lead performance.
Child's Play is better than it should or could have been, but it's a soulless knock-off and a pale imitation of the real thing.
The original has been built up to classic scale, but Carpenter's remake is actually far scarier and equally thoughtful.
Virtually every aspect of production disappoints.
It's Craven's best film since Scream 2, back in 1997, as the veteran horror director seems to flourish (Scream 3 aside) when telling a story of this sort and balancing the comedy and horror elements.
The idea is clever, the kills are joyously twisted, but everything in between bores and grinds Body Cam to a halt
While the lack of originality is troubling, the lack of scares is an even bigger problem.
Frustrating and exhilarating in equal measure...
With the new Bay-produced remake of The Amityville Horror, a middling horror film from 1979 has been remade into something truly atrocious in 2005.
Directors Kevin Kolsch and Dennis Widmyer create a creepy masterpiece with Pet Sematary. It is dark, it is brooding, it is foreboding. It takes the story of a dead child and a family's heartbreak to an even bleaker place.
Delivers a series of well-chosen jolts and unsettling ideas. Otherwise, gee, it really is quite a lot like countless other pictures that have come before it.
I'd venture to say it's the best Final Destination sequel - if you gauge success by overall shock value.
An inspired low-budget horror item with a rough and tumble guerilla filmmaking flair. What it lacks is a steady focal point to rattle the viewer's interest and emotions for an hour and a half.
Del Toro takes his time to get to the violence, but he never let go the audience and captures their attention with a magical and gothic aesthetic. [Full review in Spanish]
Classic horror with somewhat misused cast
To his credit, West eschews the gore and mayhem of most modern horror movies in favour of slow-building atmospheric menace.
For my money, (The Descent) is one of the most overrated and poorly realized spook shows in a very long time.
A deliriously pretentious and utterly dreadful movie, Suspiria amounts to an unnecessary reworking of the cult 1977 Italian horror freak-out of the same name.
Body parts are lopped off. Pick axes are stabbed at the camera. There's even a completely naked girl chased by the killer, in glorious 3D. This movie spoke to me.
Even though multiple-sourced footage remains a potentially interesting way to shoot a movie, using this particular framing device really has become redundant.
Wiene's expressionistic masterpiece is required viewing for lovers of the gothic and the weird.
Proof positive it's still possible to mount a decent B-horror flick on a very modest budget.
The gory money shots and the big brawl are the only real entertainment - although the effective one-liner occasionally pops up to keep you laughing in between decapitations.
What The Furies lacks in originality it makes up for with a gleeful commitment to gore.
Love, thought, care and craftsmanship have gone into this film.
Dave Franco delivers a decent directorial debut with The Rental... I just wish it induced more shudders than apathetic nods.
Enjoyably nutty even if the thrill of discovery has faded like a latex wolf mask in sunlight.
The film is as packed with gore as it gets, and the special FX are cheap but very effective.
A fiendishly clever genre Rubik's Cube that demonstrates, if nothing else, how much Fangoria fare benefits from the wicked wit of a real writer.
It's a story that's been told several times before... but Natali puts his own twisted spin on the tale that ensures a few surprises along the way.
Saw 3D may just be the Saw-iest Saw film of them all.
If "Unfriended" showed this idea in a state of awkward infancy, then "Unfriended: Dark Web" allows it to mature into a proverbial, meticulous beast.
The Boy is not as scary as you its premise promises and, although relatively high on the creep-front, it doesn't fully realise its ambitious ideas and get to the end without stumbling over.
As faithful as any 21st-century effort has come to matching the look and feel of a 1970's "backwoods" splatter flick...I smell a cult following in the making.
House of Wax is incredibly old fashioned, sticking strongly to the rhythms of a million exploitation cheapies from the early 80s.
A great sequel
Lacks any real insight into this phenomena or scares.
Laura Vandervoort gives the performance of her life and the Soska's are back on form with this visceral dark fairytale. Seductive, sensual, and gory as Hell, Rabid is a rare example of a remake worthy of your time.
With its infuriatingly dim-witted characters and generic slasher movie feel, The Strangers: Prey At Night is a surprisingly tame and forgettable rehash.
"Get Out" is scary enough, but it comes with some bonus nutritional value.
A horrible, dumb movie that wastes the time of the good actors involved. This should have been an early indication that Joel Schumacher needed to be stopped.
A flawed but fun summer watch.
Doesn't quite justify itself despite some strong performances.
The film doesn't quite deliver on its potential. But as a pacey, gruesome horror romp that'll have you wincing in all the right places, Brightburn just about takes flight.
Laughs and exploding heads? Seen it, done it. But a zombie movie with heart? That's novel.
This grisly werewolf film is actually a black comedy about a teen girl encountering menstruation. Yes, really.
The film... is a loving and faithful adaptation, even if it gets lost in its attempt to wrap the whole thing up in a neat metaphor.
Gough can't disguise his third act monster's rubberiness, but it doesn't fatally wound his clever chiller that impresses up to its inevitably downbeat conclusion.
The kegs of jet-propelled blood alone make this an absolute must-see for any fan of the genre... not to mention any self-respecting moviegoer.
A bloody bore that utilizes lots of CGI blood and rapid-fire visual glitz in a doomed effort to cover up the fact that there is nothing going on here that even the least committed consumer of vampire-related entertainment hasn't seen many times before
Odd, sadly overlooked little horror film from Stuart Gordon. A kind of variant on The Old Dark House.
Sure, it's an increasingly silly, nonsensical film... but with plentiful gore and brutal kills, Chain Letter is no less entertaining than a movie like See No Evil.
The sheer, obstinate oddness of 'Tale of Tales' sends crowd-pleasers like 'Game of Thrones' and 'The Hobbit' scuttling into the shadows.
In the end, maybe The Cell isn't about much, and it could have been deeper and all but as it stands, it's still a must-see.
Girl on the Third Floor oozes atmosphere as it tells a disturbing and sticky tale of morality.
Smartly written and directed with a quick pace and a few discomforting images, this return to the PET SEMATARY is certainly one worth taking.
"Oh my God, you can talk," Valerie exclaims at one point when confronted by the wolf (he can't). Oh my God, I've wasted almost two hours of my life in this theatre.
The film establishes just enough of a connection to these characters that the scare sequences possess some dramatic stakes...
This creepy, superficially simplistic Latin-American folktale is filled obvious jump scares, creaking floorboards and shrieking noises.
...filmmaker Mike Flanagan has infused the proceedings with an old-school feel that's generally impossible to resist...
Despite exquisitely rendered scenarios from Angus Hudson's shadowy camera work, You Should Have Left produces more manipulative atmosphere than genuine frights...
This movie might make some bucks, but it does not continue the former film's watershed moment.
Kelly maintains a suitably creepy atmosphere throughout and the frequently twisty plot is both intriguing and unpredictable, at least in the first half.
This sequel takes its predecessor's derivative, remorseless premise and deepens it a bit, though I can't be alone in wondering why this, of all things, should be a franchise.
Dark and nasty. More of a companion piece to Raimi's original than an all-out remake. Very well done. Not for the faint of heart.
Although the film portends to be a creepy ghost story, you'll more than likely be bored to tears, which, of course, will be lost in all the icky water gushing everywhere.
There's bleak realism behind the comedy, Cruttenden's twitchy performance suggesting that power games in this household are nothing new. The final scenes, anarchic and glorious, will not easily be forgotten.
While a tad derivative, Saw shows promise of better things to come from Whannell's imagination and Wan's composition.
I can't deny that The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is a good looking, decently made ghost story. What I also can't deny is that it mostly just doesn't work, isn't scary and drags.
An often excessively tedious horror effort...
Here is a film from a director with a little more imagination and skill than story-telling sense.
Yes, it's the one, the only, the must-be-seen-to-be-disbelieved Manos: The Hands of Fate.
Dave Franco has a solid directorial debut with this suspense thriller. but a weak ending somewhat dilutes the scary preceding story.
An ill-conceived, poorly executed, total mess of an attempt to mine terror from a popular cultural phenomenon
While its artistic and thematic audacity are undeniable, Midsommar is sure to be one of 2019's most divisive films.
...a disappointingly half-baked horror effort that could (and should) have been so much better.
While it has its charms -- due mostly to the chemistry between Routh and Huntington -- Dylan Dog: Dead of Night ultimately plays like a lesser episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Seven, Silence of the Lambs, Cube, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, XXX and Session Nine all played with similar themes and did so infinitely better.
More of a TV mystery show spirit than that of a powerful feature climax.
1408 stands as one of the better King adaptations under the sun - even going so far as to surpass the source material.
What Bite lacks in self-proclaimed grossness, it makes up for with weird, wacky creature antics worth a midnight watch.
Storage 24 is destined to be packed into a cardboard box and forgotten about by everyone.
Ashley Bell's nuanced performance and a surprisingly pyrotechnic finale liven up a gloomy sequel.
The Limehouse Golem is perfect pulp: it isn't particularly scary or suspenseful, but it does deliver the grind house goods.
[G]ritty and truly frightening.
1BR's modest success doesn't stem from an originality of ideas, but in its commitment to them.
A perfect contemporary sequel to a horror classic. Halloween delves into the after effects of trauma perfectly. JLC gets the Linda Hamilton T2 treatment and it works brilliantly. Also, that John Carpenter score will never not be amazing.
...decidedly familiar territory that's employed to mostly compelling effect by Swaim...
FD2, despite some imaginative fatalities, is less a movie than a slick video game.
An excursion through the psychological intrigue of the human mind that is precise, tense, atmospheric and performed with great dramatic intensity.
Once again the heart of Stephen King's novel is discarded in an amateurish way. Keep walking folks, no chills and thrills here.
The film's unoriginal solution to its mystery is redeemed by the streamlined ambiguity of Lee Cronin's images.
No shaky cam, no "found footage," no preacher's moment of truth, no urgency.
The entertaining Scream formula still works: When there's a big shiny knife, the action never gets dull.
It starts off lousy and goes downhill from there. I hereby pronounce it the worst horror flick of 2013. Next to Scary Movie 5, that is.
Lautner is a banal screen presence who is reduced to furrowing his brow to indicate his moodiness; his pectoral muscles are more expressive than his face.
Rockaway has created a genuinely eerie and intimate ghost story with The Abandoned, rising above many of the usual supernatural tropes to create something powerfully unconventional.
Those unexpected beats make for a deeply emotional and harrowing journey for not only Shideh and Dorsa, but for viewers as well.
A truly terrifying hell-ride through darkness for grownups.
"Followed" is a fun and scary romp through the mysterious Lennox Hotel through the eyes of a social media influencer. A fun film filled with jumpscares and eerie moments."
The Hole in the Ground is here and then it's gone. The overwhelming feeling is of shrugged shoulders.
All these characters have one trait and no personality.
Rob Zombie's lousy remake of John Carpenter's 1978 slasher classic Halloween adds to the argument that horror movies are losing their box-office appeal because filmmakers no longer know how -- or have any desire -- to create genuine suspense.
The impressive craft offers up a world that's disconcerting to behold, even if the time spent in it feels a little stretched.
This is so far the worst movie I've seen all year. More than Wish Upon and somehow worse than Transformers: The Last Knight but this has achieved it.
By the time the last excruciatingly spilled blood drips, Evil Dead stakes its claim as a worthy remake of Sam Raimi's 1981 horror classic.
I'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind, crippled, Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking.
Even the best tend to be little but a joke awaiting a punchline, some funnier than others, some slight, some powerfully bombed.
A hugely effective thriller that confirms Ti West as one of the more interesting new voices that the genre has seen in a long time.
So darn good it makes me wish Spielberg hadn't given up on the horror genre.
Enjoy but be warned: you might need a tetanus shot and stitches just watching it.
The Conjuring universe is still in order. [Full Review in Spanish]
Still/Born may not cleverly shake themes about like Prevenge - morphing motherhood fears into something unexpected - but that doesn't weaken messages.
Johnston's direction sidesteps suspense to deliver a sur+ of tactless, out-of-nowhere jump scares that are more irritating than frightening.
An attempt to make a different movie. And yes, it's different indeed but different is far from the same thing as good
The film's raison d'tre is a series of shock effects involving creepy kids, dogs with upside-down heads and a CGI-powered geriatric variant on Linda Blair's crab walk.
Insidious is back with a malevolent vengeance
[A]lthough Inside is very contrived and silly, it's also fun, entertaining, stylistically interesting and, at times, blackly comic
The film's aesthetic is striking, but feels almost intangibly derivative, most obviously suggesting an austere cover of Repulsion.
The primary horror in 'The Harvest' comes from watching the superlative talents of Michael Shannon and Samantha Morton wasted on such secondary swill.
Insidiously simple, compact, and clever, this killer alligator movie, complete with slowly rising floodwaters, is relentless and absolutely terrifying. It's a career best for director Alexandre Aja.
Identity is Friday the 13th through the eyes of Agatha Christie. This one keeps you guessing. How close to the edge of your seat can you get without falling off?
The notion is that, if each person took just enough to get by, there'd be plenty for everyone. But that's not always how people act. Have you tried buying toilet paper lately?
A sadistic, unmotivated home-invasion flick.
Not as bad as I was expecting.
What keeps the picture percolating is the stream of hallucinatory images, both nightmarish and oddly alluring, that Kon conjures.
Covering tediously familiar territory, this is only enlivened by the appearance of Billy Zane's fashion guru in a grey check tam-o-shanter declaring his love of Yves Saint Laurent.
Here Comes the Devil is one of the most interesting, frightening and thoroughly alive-both intellectually and viscerally-works of horror and dread this critic has seen in a very, very long time.
Lovely Molly is an effective, yet unexceptional and shortchanging entry into the horror field.
Everything feels wrong, down to John Cusack's haircut: a greasy pseudo-mullet. ... You wonder if the production declined to splurge for hairdressers.
If you're looking for a disposable teen horror, Truth Or Dare could be the Friday night nonsense you're looking for, but you can absolutely do better.
A beautifully shot movie that constantly runs the risk of wearing out its welcome. The story and characters are not given their due, yet the film is still enjoyable.
With slow, deliberate pacing, seemingly endless amounts of paranormal prattle and few spooky scenes, it's quite tedious.
An extremely dark, violent alt take on the superhero origin story. David Yarovesky and co. push it to such an extent that 'Brightburn' likely won't be for everyone, but if you've got a taste for the darker possibilities, it's disturbingly captivating.
It's a curious mix: at times deliriously hammy, at others melancholy, contemplative and oddly beautiful.
That it's based on true events makes it much more fascinating, even though the filmmakers have bent the story to fit the structure of a horror film.
The shower sequence, the shrieking score, Anthony Perkins, that twist ending... Psycho remains a stone-cold classic.
... can't decide if it wants to be 'High Tension,' 'Jeepers Creepers' or 'The Piped Piper of Hamelin' ... results are arty, jumbled and, ho-hum, Sunday School preachy.
Hey, Shymalan, De Bont...This is how you make a haunted house/ghost story!
Rigor Mortis can't fully work for a Western audience, but it does at least provide a fascinating glimpse of a strange genre that never quite crossed over.
Despite the moments of inspired mayhem, however, Child's Play ultimately feels lacking in soul, in exactly the same manner as the new Chucky.
Authentically unnerving, exploiting basic fears with flashes of real brilliance and creating something that lingers long in the memory -- and definitely will come back to haunt you in the dark of night.
And as the master of suspense Alfred Hitchcock once said: 'The length of a film should be directly related to endurance of the human bladder' - and It: Chapter Two just goes too far.
Sporadically, one can see the movie that Slender Man could have been, but it disappears like the title character's victims.
Watching the remake of Carrie [over the original] is like replacing your phone with a newer version of the exact same phone.
Aaliyah makes a brief but memorable posthumous appearance about an hour into the nearly incoherent proceedings, which are riddled with unintentional guffaws.
Even by the crude standards of teenage horror, Final Destination is dramatically flat.
Chances are Goosebumps will prove to be a little too scary for those born after 2008 - fun for three-quarters of the family, if you will - but they'll grow into liking it.
The Green Inferno successfully captures the essence of the Italian cannibal shock-fests of yesteryear -- that essence being exploitative, amateurish and numbingly one-dimensional.
The Autopsy Of Jane Doe is a terrifically, consistently scary horror movie.
Much blood is spilt and many quips are made as the absurdities pile up, although it never really adds up to all that much.
Let down by a lazy script, a lacklustre leading performance from Minka Kelly and a frustrating tendency to cop out of the expected nasty moments.
The ecological horror film "The Bay" is a lot like "Jaws" - if the shark was about an inch long.
Even the appearance of Dakota Fanning as a red-eyed bloodsucker capable of inflicting intolerable pain on others falls flat: When one of the presiding vampires mutters "Let's be done with this," you can't help but agree.
Its slight pleasures are more indicative of Gil Kenan's plea for time off from Movie Jail for good behavior than his directorial skills. However, he brings impish, effective efficiency to a remake that works modestly on its own single-serving terms.
An intriguing idea for a movie that is more moody than scary, with long dull stretches where you feel like you've entered a cult of somnambulists.
It tries to be both a political allegory and a horror movie, never quite finding a way to meld the two together smoothly. Consequently, this is a film more easily admired than enjoyed.
Who are the assailants? Doesn't matter; they have no backstories, few weapons (a pick-up truck and a few stabby things) and zero personality.
...the 3D is almost non-existent. Apparently Hollywood thought they would ass-rape the movie going public one more time before the summer ended and charge an extra three dollars! My advice is to take that money and go rent "Jaws."
There are moments of tension but it's too long, no one to like and the ending is pointlessly grim.
Gripping and irrevocably gruesome fare played to perfection by a top notch cast.
Even at its worst, it's entertaining, but the missed opportunity of the truly great horror film it might have been gnaws at you.
Might not be Wes Craven's best film, but it's certainly his worst.
True to form, the folks at Platinum Dunes have once again worked their signature brand of ultra-stylish, faux-gritty mediocrity, thus stripping Friday the 13th of its low-budget charm.
Like Refn's one-dimensional women, this movie thinks it's profound when it's really just drop-dead gorgeous.
What the film doesn't have is a sense of humor.
'The Lords of Salem' could only be recommended as background visuals as your jamming to old school White Zombie.
Everything related to the beginnings of the insane social experiment is attractive. The rest, not so much. [Full review in Spanish]
I Know What You Did Last Summer is gory enough for the devotees and has story enough for everyone else.
"Yellowbrickroad" is without personality. It's competently made, but the cast and direction are just bland.
By the time it comes back to its bracketing device of police crime scene footage, Niespel, Bay and Kosar's movie has very much wasted its promising start and descended into a pointless exercise.
All the clever visual effects in the world can't hide the fact that this is just a nasty piece about women in torment.
The torture-porn genre gets a Day-Glo makeover in this hilariously deranged Ocker shocker.
After all, condoms are important, and maybe someday, if we're lucky, they'll come up with ones strong enough that even bad movies like this one can be shielded from impregnating theaters with their odious afterbirth.
The Invisible Man is one of those great, "everyone thinks she's crazy but we know she's not" movies and the frustrations (and stakes) keep mounting as the film goes on.
Far surpassing most of the CG work of the time, the practical creature and makeup effects continue to amaze even today.
Vampyr might not be much of a vampire movie, but it's one hell of a horror movie. It creates a sense of unease that few films can compete with, casting viewers into a realm where meanings are elusive and terror lies in every shadow.
Sophomore slump be damned -- Jordan Peele brought something bigger and bolder to the table!
The film is so laughably Freudian it could play as a parody of certain acclaimed horror film studies such as Men, Women and Chainsaws: Gender in the Horror Film.
The Shrine builds and builds and builds, until it finally shows just what it is made of.
While the film is rutted with plot holes, lapses in logic and tin-eared dialogue - the obvious is stated again and again - it falls squarely into a category that used to be called B movies.
Overlook the abysmal acting, unattractive nudity, awful dialogue, laughable effects and diabolical direction, and there are a few memorable shocks and images.
Drown it in ectoplasm.
A testament to how bliss and the spark of inspiration can elevate a film of any budget in any genre from routine to sublime.
A weird, talky, fairly sloppy mess of a low-budget genre flick ... but at least it gets good towards the end.
The ad campaign has stressed that Saw 3D is the last Saw movie ever. Strange, cos the film ends with a twist that sets up yet ANOTHER flamin' sequel.
Shines in comparison to other entries in the lamest current genre of film: videogame-based movies.
It's not particularly frightening, but it sure is depressing.
Unhappy Campers is all about Angela's awkwardly hilarious and horrific journey as a person during a decade she didn't understand and one unable to understand her.
Eventually it collapses in a gore fest of nauseating brutality that makes you wonder why they bothered at all.
essentially an exceptionally well-written, well-edited, well-directed, well-acted, bald rip-off of Aliens.
Despite some energy and inventiveness, the film is stuck in a mostly listless zone between taking itself too seriously and having fun with its exploitative elements.
Does not abide by conventional storytelling, and yet one cannot deny that it is genuinely creepy.
Apart from hewing to old-school slasher rules as if they were the Talmud, the braintrusts behind My Bloody Valentine 3-D seem to have concentrated on coming up with things to shake at the audience, from the bloody to the benign, a la SCTV's Dr. Tongue.
Riveting entertainment thanks to its three leads and evocative production design, Crimson Peak is also surprisingly heartbreaking.
The gory shocks are modest but adequate and the crew's tensions are well dramatised.
And while "Us" may fall victim to heightened expectations, Peele's skill as a filmmaker, especially a horror filmmaker, remains on an upward trajectory.
Bold, bloody, and kind of boneheaded, Nicolas Winding Refn's latest isn't for everyone.
A revolutionary and innovative look on themes as immortal as the night creature it appears in it. [Full review in Spanish]
One of those all-too-familiar movie rendezvous through the doldrums of horror mediocrity.
A quick heads-up: if you're reeling from the murder-suicide of your parents and sister, it's probably not the brightest idea to take off to a drug-fuelled cult festival.
A well-made yet failed film that could give real pleasure only to those who prefer form over content.
The slow-building, low-key creepiness finally explodes with a welcome rattling ingenuity.
Pretty damn funny.
A rather sickening marathon strung together by the flimsiest of subplots and populated exclusively by blood-soaked strippers.
You will be kept waiting for the twist that never comes in Ringan Ledwidge's derivative psycho-thriller, whose by-the-numbers plotting is as inevitable as roadkill.
The final act is a groan-inducing slap to the face that had me wanting to throw popcorn at the screen in indignation.
Don't Breathe is a masterful combination of suspense and violence that'll have you squirming in your seat and enjoying every minute of it.
A cheerful Frankenstein's monster, cobbled together from bits of dozens of zombie gut-crunchers, + aliens, acid rain and assorted X-Files weirdness.
So while this low-brow approach is entertaining, it's missing a trick to make things even more punchy by actually being scary while grappling with topics that are already sitting here unexplored.
The movie doesn't reach the level of camp goofiness attained by films like The Mummy Returns and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, perhaps because the filmmakers labor under the impression that Anne Rice's works must be treated respectfully.
A stock bad seed thriller that just about hits the beats and has a couple of decent creepy bits which keep it from being terrible.
The Reaping is a bad movie, but it also achieves a level of preposterousness that is somewhat entertaining for all the wrong reasons.
This may dabble in Jewish mysticism and the legacy of the Nazi era but scratch the surface and you discover just another standard scary movie.
A fiend-ish puzzler less likely to give you scares before bed than leave you scratching your head.
A deliciously dark horror-thriller that brims with twists, turns and sneaky secrets and manages to spin the horror genre on its head to really deliver some smart chills.
A great film to breathe new life into a classic franchise.
As 'The Conjuring' franchise continues, spooky Annabelle terrorizes the Warrens' 10 year-old daughter and two teenagers.
[Not] just a weaker movie than all three of its predecessors, it's a movie that straight up does not work in any way.
Effectively unsettling, Dark Skies is a science-fiction thriller that plays like an episode of The Twilight Zone crossed with Poltergeist.
The POV approach makes the movie even harder to endure.
...assumes a certain level of sadistic bloodthirst in the viewer...
This is not entertainment. This is torture.
Lavishly produced and visually gorgeous (thanks to the atmospheric photography of Floyd Crosby), Corman's gothic creepfest is still scary after all these years.
We are knee-deep in the lazy side of the found footage pool.
I honestly believe that I'm the only person in the world that didn't hate this movie.
The fact that the sequel is as effective as the original ... is greatly due to Wan's formal command of the material.
It's hard to escape the feeling that the whole film is just a nasty, voyeuristic exercise in titillation.
There are some jumps but few legitimate scares, unlike director Tobe Hooper's original, which, although similarly bloodless, still stands as one of the scariest movies ever made.
Derivative and uninspired, Death House may have its moments but it has far too little in between to justify the 95 minute running time.
'Sinister' is, on one level, about as dumb as a bag of hair, but it absolutely takes much craft to keep material like this energized.
A C---grade horror movie barely fit for late-night cable.
As far as the greatly anticipated reveals, they're a little underwhelming too, although sure to give fans the payoff they need so they can put this franchise to bed.
...the mental-hospital setting [is] certainly a refreshing change from the suburban atmosphere that dominated the first two films.
Though I'm generally not one to complain about a movie being too short, this adaptation seems to have achieved its brevity by eliminating most of what was good about the books and leaving in most of what wasn't.
Not so much insidious as inconsequential.
If you need to find an actor who'll kiss a rat, comb its fur, weepingly take it to bed as a comforting pal or introduce it to the corpse of his mother, you can't do better than Crispin Glover.
Ends up as listless and bloated as one of its dead alien visitors.
On a 'normal movie' scale, it'd rate Sleepaway Camp II pretty damn low, but the healthy body count and copious gore rates this a "Must-See" for any self-respecting horror freak.
... based on a very simple premise-it's scary in the dark.
The Dark Tower is the type of film you blind buy out of a clearance bin and enjoy as a one-time watch. A sloppy kind of popcorn entertainment like a McRib you ingest with your eyeballs. The Dark Tower is the fast food equivalent of the summer blockbuster.
Quienes busquen lo más parecido a una pesadilla a cambio del precio de una entrada, saldrán bastante satisfechos.
Moss is very impressive here considering that she spends so much time staring at, reacting to or running from... nothing.
Three things can be counted on from Warner Bros. and Dark Castle's annual Halloween release: (1) a lot of spiffy special effects; (2) a fair amount of gore; and (3) not one single scare.
...the somewhat anticlimactic finale ensures that Cabin Fever ends on a woefully forgettable note.
[U]ltimately a fine example of high-concept storytelling: taking an easily digestible idea, and exploring it to its full potential in compelling and entertaining fashion.
Though it's technically based on a true story, The Haunting in Connecticut looks more like it was based on earlier horror movies.
An unabashedly schlocky, expertly executed blend of jack-in-the-box jolts and humour.
... a substance-induced descent into the madness of strangers, viewed in plain sight under a bright sun instead of hidden in shadow... this time providing a unique light at the end of a blood-drenched tunnel.
An old school chiller, Under The Shadow offers more than just the usual scares. An interesting and welcome entry into the foreign language ghost story.
Here is a fright flick that is completely original, that takes you to uncomfortable places and abandons you there. If you care at all about horror, do not miss Splice under any circumstances.
Plays out just as silly as its premise sounds.
there just isn't enough substance to stretch it out to a feature-length film
The topical nightmare has potential to get under your skin, but relies too much on familiar jump scares and easy violence.
Cinematographed within an inch of its life (and death), "Mark of the Witch" (aka "Another") would have worked beautifully as a silent picture.
An excessively convoluted rehash of its predecessors.
What makes the movie work is that the slasher genre hadn't been set in stone yet, and some choices that director Sean S. Cunningham makes in the film that work against type.
an expertly rendered gross-out that never takes itself too seriously, although there are times when you wish it had taken itself a little more seriously
Not as gripping as the original -- but it works for what it is.
Pickering's wide, tremulous eyes reflect the film's lurid appeal to youthful terrors.
Simple on the surface, this is a film full of deep, dizzying currents, an intimate story and yet a fitting testament to the end of a world.
It's a horror movie about horror movies; it destroys horror movies, too.
Trades the raw, taboo-shattering violence of its predecessor for a cheaper, more predictable yet somehow nastier kind of carnage.
On top of being an engrossing conspiracy thriller in step with the gritty urban tales of the time, the Invasion of the Body Snatchers is also a genuinely creepy film which slyly suggests there is something sinister beneath the surface.
Don't answer this made-for-TV style stinker.
Midsommar is a disappointing experience that hides its shortcomings with pretty pastels and a lot of gore.
The short it's based on is a single scare and while the feature honors that single scare, the attempt to expand upon it results in a handful of less successful permutations connected by a clunky narrative.
Your check-in time for the Dolphin Hotel's room 1408 should be whenever the movie hits video stores.
When is a movie remake not a movie remake? When the filmmakers involved know what they've made is so wretched they don't dare admit it. The most oblivious MTV viewer won't miss the blatant plagiarism.
If 2001: A Space Odyssey had an evil twin masquerading as a horror film, this would be it. Beyond the Black Rainbow culls from untold volumes of film history even as it delivers its own uniquely brilliant freak-outs.
That flip tone -- the gags and one-liners -- get us past the longing, the depression, the sulking, the almost comically swooning moments.
The trippy, highly mannered, widely referential imagery is certainly its strongest selling point, despite wonderfully grounding (and, on the rides, bizarre) work by Lopez.
Classic ghost story inspires as many yawns as it does chills.
Paprika, while certainly not suitable for kids, manages to capture the childlike, helter-skelter chaos and curiosity of the human mind better than any other animated film.
While there are some funny sequences, the horror really struggles to live up. Worst of all, this movie drags, despite the movie only lasting an hour and forty minutes.
Even worse than Kangaroo Jack, and that's a statement I was hoping not to make for at least a few more weeks (or until that Charlotte Church movie comes out).
The third act ... simply doesn't work.
There's no doubt that Aster is an artist of considerable gifts; the question is whether he's an artist of ideas deeper than turning the smiles of a summer night into sinister rictus grins.
Another misfire from Carpenter, could this be his third and final strike?
A decent enough thriller.
The cinematic equivalent of eating junk food: It's not particularly good - or good for you - but it's enjoyable and an indulgence in which I partake from time to time.
In a uniquely twisted way, The Witch is a condemnation of religious fanaticism, as well as the stubbornness of ideas and ideals that comes with it.
Is the movie good enough to do what it's designed to do? Not really.
Decent concept. Poor execution.
It's like watching a recording of someone else playing a video game. You have no control and you have nothing invested in the characters or the outcome.
An intelligent overlooked horror film about writer's block.
Unlike Raimi's classic original, it won't be remembered in 30 years time, but it is amongst the best horror remakes of the last decade.
Close to a decade's experience in horror pays off, with Carpenter working the audience with jump-scares and revolting demises like an old pro.
A derivative mediocrity, proving even bad horror movies conjure big box-office.
Kevin Smith fans will be curious about Red State, but few others will be able to endure its tub-thumping attempts at topicality or its lack of storytelling skill.
Brightburn had it all: an intriguing premise, great producers and a solid cast. But the final result is just a dull and soulless homage to classic slasher movies. [Full review in Spanish]
Bertino relies too heavily on occasionally nonsensical terror tricks that every horror buff has seen a million times since John Carpenter's Halloween set the standard for domestic fright-night mayhem.
Yet another uninspiring slasher movie.
The derivative work doesn't deliver scares so much as a few starts, all while ripping off such genre classics as "Candyman" and "A Nightmare on Elm Street."
No way do you check out this tourist trap and leave with the remotest intention of ever checking back in.
This profound subversion of our critical and aesthetic assumptions confronts us - like a logical paradox that seems both true and false - with a film that seems both awful and entertaining.
This gimmicky serial-killer thriller is pretty laughable, despite the gruesome subject matter and its graphic, often nauseating gore.
In a film devoid of a single scary moment the only truly frightening thing here is watching any of them try to convey an honest human emotion...
Rosemary is slow to realize that the menace she senses in her new apartment building has already manifested itself not only in her apartment but in her own body.
Happy Death Day 2U is definitely a departure from the original but it succeeds in building a larger storyline for the possibility of a solid franchise while maintaining the overall feel as the first.
The Nun feels like it's always coasting on the success of former films... This film really didn't do much except make me want to see the same cast in a much better film.
Loud and stupid ... movie about the undead should appeal only to the brain dead.
Has a powerful enough context behind it, but ... it disappoints ... Still, Olsen is a star worth following and has carved out an impressive niche in the psychological thriller genre.
'Mama' is horror film loaded with great ideas and multiple scares, but it's deflated by horrendous CGI and ridiculous exposition.
Swank, once more, does more for the movie than it does for her...
A creepy feel isn't everything. A horror must be scary to be successful.
Drag Me To Hell is the thrill ride Sam Raimi should be making year-on-year, not another cash cow hapless Spider-Man film.
If you are looking for a well shot horror movie about a tribe of cannibals, Roth did a pretty damn good job with his directorial return.
If the idea of watching Adrien Brody wiggle and whine his way through a forest sounds thrilling, meet your new favorite film.
has neither the weight nor the ingenuity to make a solid impression past its unorthodox dispatching techniques.
The phone-as-evil concept makes a fast exit as Cell morphs into a zombie-like flick that bears the unmistakable patina of Danny Boyle's 28 Days Later.
If you've seen the annoying trailer for Bryan Bertino's singularly pointless debut feature, you've seen all the film has to offer -- - 88 minutes of tedious sadism.
Romero without zombies = boring.
Nearly passes muster on atmosphere alone.
The Endless is a rewarding, engaging cinematic genre experience, and much more than the sum of its parts.
Antebellum suffers from its insistence on exploiting Black pain and an underwritten story that feels confused about what it's truly trying to say.
When it comes to making bad giant-animals-attack movies, nobody touches Bert.
Garai's array of filmmaking techniques are impressive and haunting, breathing an unsettling melancholy into her script... but like Magda's home, the movie's foundations are in dire need of rehab.
This is nightmare fuel.
Fleeting pleasures are undermined by an inane, directionless narrative, barely-even-one-dimensional characters and an overall sense of superficiality.
Ironically, the predictability is actually one of the film's virtues.
The temptation exists to call the movie one missed opportunity, but honestly, I don't think anyone involved in this mess ever seriously tried to make something good.
As long as you don't take a wrong turn and wander into this film thinking it's a run-of -the-mill horror flick, you'll have fun.
Thankfully, the return of not only [Wes] Craven but original screenwriter Kevin Williamson and the surviving cast elevates this one beyond the typical cash-in sequel.
This is a well-made sequel but the violence is extremely sickening and it's not nearly as much fun as the first film.
I had a good time with it, and for the Dante segment alone it's a must-see.
With one foot in the past and one firmly in the future, it's both a glorious trip down memory lane and a brilliant journey forward.
... explores the scope of childhood trauma and keeps viewers guessing whether they should root for or fear an antagonist no longer constrained by right or wrong.
Slender Man essentially feels like a movie created from a how-to guide to horror. Step one: apply drab color palette with hazy blues, greens, and neutrals. Step 2: make sure all set pieces look like generic, creepy locations.
Enjoy this low key black person vs the system movie with its video game logic and a political heart between hamburgers and fireworks. Just make sure The Purge isn't happening in real life anytime soon.
Reeks with despair and hopelessness.
It's a quality horror flick of the sort we're promised once or twice a year, but genuinely receive maybe four times per decade.
You just cannot help but think that they thought it was a good idea at the time, started rolling and realised it was too late to rethink
Stephen Hopkins, who directs every film as if it were a NASCAR vehicle gunning for the finish line, doesn't have much faith in the screenplay, since he orchestrates much of the picture with all the delicacy of a lumberjack in ballerina slippers.
Do yourself a favor and find the original 30 minute Twilight Zone episode of The Box and watch that instead.
Sandberg ... spares us from the indignity of jump scares. When he sets out to frighten you, he means it.
30 years after the last time it was in theaters is a solid outing, but fails once again to capture the point of the original story- reducing what could have been great to simply serviceable.
Cabin Fever is about as scary as a third-grade play, but it is mean-spirited, nihilistic, cynical and, if you enjoy all that, very funny. If not, knock off two stars and watch 28 Days Later.
A very effective sequel that changes the course of the original entry, and still delivers scares under its technology dependent ambience. [Full review in Spanish].
Was anybody clamoring for yet another teen movie? Or, even worse, a teen version of Fatal Attraction?
Sputnik's third act is a rush of formulaic action meant, perhaps, to compensate for the interminably repetitive and impersonal second act, which is mostly concerned with reinforcing a set of foregone conclusions.
Medical jokes are a very powerful weapon...[Full Review in Spanish]
A stern moralistic rebuke to ugly-Americanism. The movie is in-your-face but not pointlessly so.
All but the least demanding viewers will end up wishing they were watching a slightly better film.
Rendered in an ultimately hollow style that can't conceal the story flaws, of which there are many.
This indie horror treat repackages genre tropes in a fresh, frightening way.
What do you call those guys who paint themselves silver and then stand still like statues? This has one of those. A threatening one. So, if that sounds up your alley...
The movie frequently feels lethargic, with moody characters gliding hither and yon.
There is room for serious, dour blockbusters of this nature, and the narrative here is hardly befitting of being a vehicle for comedy - but this title is distinctly humourless, and suffers as a result.
The movie blows the doors off typical Hollywood fare because it is powered by genuine imagination.
For sheer visceral jump-out-of-your-seat thrills, you can't get any better than this.
The problem with this outing, which marked Perkins' directorial debut, is that it largely plays like a run-of-the-mill slasher flick.
It doesn't offer many scares or scare tactics but it definitely shows you how evil the human race can be.
This is a horror movie with genuine style, a witty screenplay and top-notch performances that walk the fine line between high camp and high drama.
A horror-lite film that barely increases the heart rate.
... take 'See No Evil' and its ilk, stand this horror sub-genre on its head, and you've got Fede Alvarez's 'Don't Breathe,' our pick for the best (read most unrelenting) chiller of the Halloween season ... lights-out scary!
If this proves to be the last in the series, it's a bloody shame it ended not with a Scream but a whimper.
A hallucinatory swirl of a movie that has the feel of an especially sharp nightmare.
So confounded lazy and stupid that it makes your head spin.
It's not a scary movie, it's a vampire movie. And in reality, it's kind of a bad vampire movie.
The beginning of Freddy is as solid as it was decades ago. This still makes us scared to fall asleep. [Full review in Spanish]
This is when Freddy stopped being scary. Still has its moments, in a fantasy, rather than horror, sort of way.
Paranormal Activity 2 should have been a quick, cynical cash in on the original. Instead, it's a chiller that stands tall on its own.
The humor here is derived from slapstick and caricatures and the occasional semi-entertaining cameo rather than witty self-awareness.
...the film's performances, dialogue, and storyline all [suffer] from an unmistakable vibe of incompetence.
Pull your face off and wallow in the creepy goodness.
While it's more than a little sick, and will likely leave you queasy by the time the credits roll, EXCISION is nonetheless a truly unique horror ride into the scariest of all places- the mind of a teenaged misfit.
Genuinely scary in some parts, downright silly in others, and undeniably entertaining as a whole, Insidious is both a tribute and solid entry in the ever expanding demonic possession sub-genre.
Good, not great, but some times good is enough.
Sleepy Hollow has an aesthetic that seems based on album covers. It doesn't feel like the work of an artist in any way.
I never would have guessed that I would say this, but The Wolfman could have benefited from less Del Toro and more CGI.
A simplistic, poorly-constructed exercise in low-rent genre moviemaking. It's as if Kevin Smith made the movie just so he could promote it.
Not even close to the original.
The best thing is that director Witt actually manages, amid the chaos, to centre on the characters and create people we can cheer for.
You had me at inbred, cannibalistic hillbillies! Wrong Turn is a hard film to not reccomend, but the film does nothing to distinguish itself in any way.
As awful and needless a sequel as one could possibly envision...
Like the Evil Dead remake, this film is respectful to the original and offers something a bit different as well.
So bad it hurts. Wish Upon is so generic and harmless that we can't help but wonder who it was made for. [Full review in Spanish].
The beauty of Room 237, however, doesn't lie in the validity of any one of the commentators' thoughtful (and occasionally well-informed) speculations, but instead in that mysterious grey zone between an artist's intentions and audience interpretation.
[T]he combination of its effective genre storytelling with current real-life events makes for a surprisingly enjoyable experience, especially if you're looking for a little substance underneath the surface.
Wes Craven and screenwriter Kevin Williamson were triumphant in delivering a fresh, smart, twisted, and ultra-violent slasher sequel that will not only please fans of the original trilogy, but introduce an entire new generation of kids to horror.
When will people like Zombie learn that you shouldn't shine a light on the boogeyman?
...sure to leave the franchise's followers thoroughly satisfied (and, of course, clamoring for more)...
The Invasion saps all the spirit out of what once was a classic alien saga.
[I]f you're looking for logic, abandon all hope. This is a movie where the dead come back to life as zombies and our heroes decide to take a shortcut through a cemetery.
It Chapter Two is never cutesy or self-congratulatory; its relentless pace gives way to a surprisingly moving finale and a real sense of loss.
It's great fun to explore geeky theories about Stanley Kubrick's iconic horror film The Shining, even if most of them are too spurious to take seriously.
The ending struggles to explain too much and take itself a bit too literally, but mostly Insidious is an engaging treat.
A stale, derivative mess that borrows heavily from every zombie and alien movie worthy of imitation, to only ho-hum effect.
Offers plenty of gore and stylish cinematography, but no imagination, surprises or intrigue. Ultimately, it's tedious, inane and increasingly preposterous, even if you're willing to suspend your disbelief and to check your brain at the door for 88 minutes
Someone please give Gareth Evans lots of money to make amazing, violent, creative horror films.
Better than its predecessor, which (fine), isn't saying a whole lot.
Deathly dull
Marred by all the mistakes of a novice who has watched a lot of horror movies, but never quite figured out the key ingredients that made a good one effective.
The second half kicks off with a literal snap, and what follows is an absolutely solid, tension-filled, horror movie.
The characters and the plot could have been borrowed wholesale from any number of straight to video horror pictures from the 1980s.
Set to emerge as the year's best horror movie.
The human brain is a marvellously suggestible organ.
But, much like cult pulper Assault On Precinct 13, this supersedes its derivative B-movie roots to emerge as a craftily crafted and stylishly shot outer-spacer.
Found footage is all well and good, but if it's unwatchable, it might as well have stayed lost.
Kevin Smith's "Tusk" is an odd animal indeed, a movie that morphs early from stoner comedy to stoner horror flick and then, as if stoned, declines to evolve any further.
This is a masterfully entertaining game of subterfuge, innuendo, romance and survival where the ultimate winners are the viewers who bought themselves a ticket to see it get played.
Expecting you to believe a lot while borrowing from many ghoulish sources, genre fans will find plenty to enjoy even if there isn't enough to love.
A better-than-average horror remake...
Character motivation, cleverness and intelligence don't factor into Almost Human, a gory genre homage that could have been an underground terror treat, instead of a "Cult Movies' Greatest Hits."
I've got to credit Bertino with the sense enough to not resort to shocking gore to make up for lack of suspense. The final act, however, is as messy as a plate of spaghetti.
It's like a psychotic re-imagining of PRETTY IN PINK!
Yes, it may be 6/6/06, but was there a reason beyond that to remake the 30-year-old horror classic?
...yet another brainless, utterly disposable thriller geared exclusively towards teenagers...
The film's inconsistent, largely bankrupt style is second to how hard and tackily it leans on the horror of child abuse to goose audiences.
Bruiser may be a lightweight in the Romero canon, but he's still able to deliver the goods.
There's a strange lack of momentum and suspense amid all the shaky camera work and showers of blood.
Expect dialogue so stilted, and effects so tacky, that the only scary thing will be the prospect of sitting through the rest of the fiasco as it unfolds.
You'll howl alright; this is the funniest movie I've seen all year. Yes, it's supposed to be a horror flick.
A dead end.
Rob Zombie understands horror as an aural-visual experience that should gnaw at the nerves, seep into the subconscious, and beget unshakeable nightmares.
Mean Girls meets I Know What You Did Last Summer... You won't be able to scream for laughing at this sloppy reimagining of a forgotten '80s slasher thriller.
For all its bloodletting, Cabin Fever is a vicious bore.
Wheatly aims for something like moral complexity by having one of the killers believe in God and the other aspire to be a good husband and father, but once the graphic violence starts, it upstages everything else.
Don't go to this movie.
A unique murder-mystery completely ruined by a trailer that gives the whole thing away.
Stands as a rare, satisfying diversion into the world of vampires.
In the mood for two glossy hours of adolescent yearning and buff, shirtless dudes? Then this movie is for you!
As a way of tackling the dark and disturbing side of social networking, this is a fair effort, with the cautionary aspect of bullying having consequences coming across effectively.
This is the final message the film leaves us with, that even when living a perpetual nightmare trapped in a crumbling city of a decaying world, there is always still hope.
The Thing may be a tad too careful and schematic to stand shoulder with Carpenter's very best films.
Outside of a brief clip from "Can't Hardly Wait," there is absolutely nothing in "Prom Night" that is even remotely scary.
Ascher should be making actual horror movies.
Horror has always brimmed with social commentary and anxiety, so it should come as no surprise that a genre film tackles America's racist shame this directly.
An assertive, aggressive, restless horror movie of sustained sensation about being "Other" in America. Moments that allude to other movies are less homage than highly-efficient employment of the action movie toolkit.
I was somewhat dissatisfied with the ending, but that sort of thing is subjective, and I encourage everyone to watch The Abandoned to judge for themselves.
An OK film adaptation whose primary point of interest is its collection of superlative seniors in the leading roles.
While it has been made with just enough style to arguably make it the best of the series to date, that still doesn't make it good by any stretch of the imagination
It's nothing short of an absolute gift to the passionate fans of this storied franchise. The Marked Ones proves without a shadow of a doubt that Paranormal Activity is back in top form... with a wicked and evil vengeance.
There's no fun in this dour exercise and scares are non-existent as the film haphazardly assembles various tropes and repetitive nightmare imagery into 90 minutes of weariness.
Is "Almost Human" an alien invasion story? A gory slasher flick? A tribute to B-movies as a collective? It is all of the above, and really rather groovy.
With a low body count and PG-13 gore, "Stranger" will have a tough time in the glutted horror market. It takes what was memorable about the original and makes it forgettable.
Wheatley never forgets the golden rule that horror can hold up a cracked mirror to society as long as it provides some bloody good jolts.
self-aware and semi-satirical
A powerful sequel that confirms Zombie's status as a genre director we need to be afraid of. [Full review in Spanish].
Takes the zombie apocalypse and uses it as a backdrop for a story about love, loss, loyalty and betrayal.
[Sundance 2016] A film of poisonous lineages and the evil that good men and beasts learn, "Green Room" has something more to say beyond being a bloodily decisive genre work.
This B-movie made on an epic budget is so over-the-top that the earlier you start giggling the better. Even though it's played dead straight, it's an old-style monster romp that couldn't be any more camp if it tried.
The Neon Demon is a cautionary tale about youth, beauty and Los Angeles, a vampiric study of modelling that is both terrifying and hilarious.
King's pulp-gothic imagination was perfectly realized on-screen in De Palma's Hitchcock-influenced manipulative camerawork
At its best, Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s. At its worst, it implodes in a series of very bad special effects.
The problem lies with Williamson's script, which feels as if it has been torn from different places and glued back together like a ransom note.
Like the later chapters in both of these seemingly endless movie series, it all seems just a bit too familiar and a bit too obvious as to what's coming next.
Sadly, though afforded double the budget, It Chapter Two provides half of the scares of the first installment. This clown's makeup is wearing off, fast.
The horror is toothily familiar.
Unfriended uses its subtle development of suspense to create genuine, well-earned scares, even if there are only a few.
Sets the horror genre back a solid decade.
Easily the best of the sequels till A New Nightmare, but still nowhere near the original
No story-structure, no succession of scary scenes and then ordinary-life scenes to clean the palate. Just one long unendurably tense and frightening sequence.
Wolf Creek 2 is the ferocious kick in the ass that the slasher genre needs right now - bloody, brutal, and lead by a slasher icon in Mick Taylor that rivals the most memorable horror villains produced in the last decade.
Too bad Stage Fright isn't a better movie.
Darkness Falls casts a pall over its genre rather than do it justice. It should, however, appeal to horror fans looking for a cheap thrill.
I can't wait until West makes a movie about the Shworld Shtrade Shenter.
Goldthwait's pacing is all wrong, taking far too long to get his film where it needs to be and creating zero tension along the way.
Urges and family ties create an unnerving experience in Owen Long's Seeds.
The Gate is a MUST HAVE movie for all horror fans and this special edition is absolutely worth the meager sixteen bucks!
The new Carrie is cowardly and artistically empty. If you avoid one movie this year, make it this one.
In this field of endeavour, any intense reaction is unsustainable, for the obvious reason that the guiding principle of repetition comes with an inevitable corollary and unavoidable side-effect -- sheer boredom.
The computer-generated demons ... prove no match for the tangible reality of an abusive father with a murderous temper.
real horror arises from the stuff of genuine nightmares, stuff that the story-writing duo examines with intimate, even salacious, detail
You might want to look into the lifetime warranty on this thing.
If you loved the books and the first movie, ignore this review. If you didn't -- and don't get what the fuss is all about -- New Moon is unlikely to change your mind.
None of the pieces is terribly original in concept, the performances are mostly as shaky as the camerawork, and the connecting thread is stretched pretty thin.
The design of the Chucky doll is underwhelming. The film's emphasis on over terror oftentimes works against its best interests.
Formulaic to the bone.
An effectively scary slasher film.
The wraparound hour may not be very good, but those middle 40 minutes are a lot of fun.
The Unseen Threat is "seen" too quickly, and is seen to be as silly as you feared.
Although there are several truly jolting scares, there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at.
A special movie. Not by any means a great one; only barely and inconsistently a good one.
Smiley's story is wasted on terrible horror execution, creating a frustrating and tiring watch filled with inside internet jokes most older viewers will not be LOL-ing about.
The Girl in the Photographs has its hooks, but the finished product fails to build on its inspired idea to create a a satisfying horror film.
The Human Centipede saga comes to a disastrous and interminable close with this shockingly inept entry...
Hardiman, who has worked prolifically in television fiction and non-fiction, creates a claustrophobic atmosphere as the murky, ill-appointed boat slowly becomes a death trap - there's more than a hint of Alien's rusting space tug about it.
By the end, we're not a whole lot closer to understanding Stargher than we were at the beginning of the film.
...useless even as a bad example.
I was not expecting to be scared out of my wits by this creepily crafted and sublimely superior supernatural horror, but I was. Before the end, my cinema seat had worked itself through the three demonic stages of infestation, oppression and possession.
The Limehouse Golem is wildly over the top. That's precisely what it is meant to be - and what gives the drama such a kick.
A film that's as blank as Brahms' expression.
Irregular como a maior parte das antologias, traz episódios longos a ponto de diluírem suas tramas, mas curtos demais para permitirem um bom desenvolvimento das situações e personagens. Mas é um esforço intrigante.
Playing out like a mediocre episode of Tales From The Crypt, it's slow, largely uneventful and not particularly exciting when something does happen... The Black Cat is a much more solid film, with a considerably better screenplay and some excellent acting
Midway through, the plot blows a gasket and the camerawork turns altogether crazed, joggling us about in the semi-darkness while the soundtrack rings to distorted screams.
There's absolutely zippo to fear about this movie, unless you're the kind of person who jumps when formula bogeymen do exactly what you'd expect them to do.
The reason the movie works, I think, is simple. The actresses are all strong.
The film isn't easy to classify-it's a psychodrama that occasionally sharpens into blood-curdling horror-but the experience of watching it is deeply unsettling .
how the mighty have fallen
A horror anthology not without its grisly charms
Nightmare Cinema starts with a bang, as Brugués drops us into a fun, clever, gory little ride. I was excited for the four installments to follow. I got less and less excited.
Promising elements never quite bind.
classic stuff, the ending is the creepiest since "invasion of the body snatchers"
A film that seems to be grappling - albeit abstractly - with the complex ways in which guilt and denial are inextricably bound up in any attempts to break the spell of the past.
When you've seen one toothy, slobbering demon, you've seen 'em all -- the fact that one has spider legs while another sports saggy breasts while yet another has a generous Gene-Simmons-in-KISS tongue ultimately doesn't make any difference.
Scream was snarky, insightful, and sorta cool. Scream 4 is a aging hypocrite with delusions of insight.
If you haven't seen this yet, you should consider it a vital part of your film education. If you have, it's well worth repeat viewings.
Pontypool is a sinister symphony told in three distinct and very diverse macabre movements.
Fueled by a sense of pacing and stylistic orchestration that allows the scares to build naturally in the shadows, and not on a level that hammers us with endless peripheral nonsense.
Gory, scary, smart and funny, this is definitely one of the best horror films I've seen in years.
A nice try, but done in by an annoyingly convoluted script and an obvious dearth of resources.
Just another rehash, both slavishly devoted to DePalma's original, and lacking any of that film's style. Watch the older movie or read the book instead.
While there could have been plenty more meat on its bones, its a reason to at least keep an eye on its debuting director team to see what they come up with on a sophomore outing.
This disturbing and violent movie gleefully plays with our minds as it twists and turns through its tricky, menacing plot.
Nosferatu earns its place in the cinematic archives, but its accessibility to modern viewers is surely all but lost.
If you need a few reliably R-rated scares presented in a relatively creative way, look no further.
Here is a movie in which old people are scary because they're senile and icky and incontinent and do baffling things. And they're, you know, so old and wrinkly.
The Marked Ones is like a supernatural Hardy Boys mystery, about a couple of amateur sleuths finding something to do during a slow summer.
But in spite of such clichd grounding, Bishop manages to create something both compelling and oddly original.
This hodgepodge of thoughtful and action-filled filmmaking qualifies as a minor success. Whether this is due to or in spite of studio meddling, we may never know.
It's a pretty good one. [Full review in Spanishi]
Its time to put the nail in the otherworldly evil child genre until someone comes up with something original. The only thing supernatural about Case 39 is its ungodly presence on this planet.
For black viewers, it is like their very own version of Dante's Inferno; for white viewers, it forces us to question our own complicity.
As bad as they come.
An excellent claustrophobic alien tale that debatably inspired "Alien"
Takeshi Miike's original 2003 One Missed Call was second-rate techno-phobic J-horror tripe, meaning that Eric Valette's even lousier American remake is something like the next generation of suck.
IT Chapter Two is a bigger, bolder and more chilling outing that delves much deeper into the horror aspects of the source material.
A colorful and entertaining look behind the scenes of From Dusk Till Dawn
A noble failure, but a failure nonetheless.
It's brutal, bloody and brilliantly entertaining.
Takes the 'nothing is what it seems...' conceit to clever new extremes.
both inventive and completely nuts
Though it uses a pretty basic, familiar haunted-house setup, this spooky horror/thriller benefits from crisp, unpretentious filmmaking, wasting little time on needless filler and getting right to it.
Best slapstick seen in a horror flick. If Charlie Chaplin were alive today and into terror, he'd be directing this movie. Okay, maybe not -- but at least he wouldn't be dead.
While The Nun has some issues with tone and pacing, especially in the first half of the film, once the story settles in for the finale, that's when Hardy's love for the genre shines through.
This one does a little bit better job of ratcheting up the tension than the first one, which at times seems a little humdrum for a horror flick.
Grab on for dear life and expect a freakish, wild, and seriously f#cked up ride from start to finish - which, of course, is every horror fan's dream.
The movie ought to be scarier, but in the current genre environment of teen-centric, found-footage shockers, its messing-with-Mother Nature traditionalism and structured storytelling is so old-school it feels new again.
This is not a midnight- madness gore flick where death is treated flippantly. There are as many flashes of altruism as there are acts of selfishness; these courageous acts keep Hye Sun alive.
Check out the trailer before you commit to this one; if it's for you, you'll know instantly. And if it's not, you'll know that, too.
Watchable horror film has good performances and several nice moments but it's let down by some dodgy CGI and a patchy script.
By the third act, you or someone sitting near you will be whispering, muttering or just plain shouting at the screen.
The film is vampire roadkill.
Sharks have it bad enough as endangered, misunderstood predators with a terrible public relations image without seeing their serial-killing stardom drowned out by hammy acting and torture-porn villainy.
Fessenden's best film and a huge turning point for him as a filmmaker, promising even stronger work to come.
What was likely meant to be the series' greatest hits feels more like a cover band going through the motions of a formerly engaging franchise.
Movies with 'found footage' have become quite popular since the advent of 'The Blair Witch Project.' The authentic feel adds to the horror element as these movies unfold. (One great example is 'The Last Exorcism,' a sadly under-seen movie.)
Suspenseful dystopian horror movie has violence, cursing.
A spectacular misfire, even in the less-than-glorious history of horror remakes.
Ciarn Foy provides a further link to the first film by resolutely failing to generate any decent scares.
Avoids being a complete b-movie misfire, but you'll have to slog through some tiresome stuff to find the few morsels of amusing weirdness.
reverent, respectful...and relatively unnecessary
Ee'll just entertain you by mentioning such extraneous details as a human skull being opened and probed, a naked woman being frozen to death, a man drowning in the ground-up carcasses of dead pigs ...
What the movie acknowledges is that the biological imperative that perpetuates the human race carries its own curse of mortality -- that the act of reproduction passes on both the gift of life and a death sentence.
Its worst flaw is to force the horror through obvious images instead of looking for it in innocent details. [Full Review in Spanish]
An updated gory, gruesome blood bath that's far too evocative of today's grisly, real-life violence.
[I]t's all slickly done, and a decent enough frightfest for fans of traditional scares.
A pretty bad movie that makes a great case for more slashing at horror theme parks.
It's sad that the film had to place Hilton front & center with a video camera joke, then a BJ gag before finally having a large phallic object go right through her face.
What gives Zombie the nerve, the sheer audacity, to keep moviegoers interested in material that ought to be sneered at with contempt? Rarely has our need to dismiss an idea been replaced so thoroughly with a morbid desire to watch on in fascination.
Gross and sadistic but never scary.
A notch above the usual American indie horror offerings, Marmor's narrative is certainly predictable, but efficient use of limited locations and calculated performances recalls a variety of arthouse horror icons.
The time counter clicks away in the bottom right-hand corner of the screen, and you'll find your eyes clinging to it like a life preserver.
anchored by a game performance by young Breslin, who deserves much, much better than this.
Doesn't fall into any of the easily-classifiable genres, and I suppose that's one of the reasons it's so well-remembered all these years later.
The Silence of the Lambs is without a doubt one of the most disturbing thrillers in the history of cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
A perfect popcorn movie.
It's time to lay ghost face to rest.
Grabbing the Scream Queen herself Jamie Lee Curtis, who shows what owning a franchise means, Gordon Green pays homage to 1978 original while still taking risks to reinvent the franchise for a new generation of admirers.
[A] goose-pimply haunted house yarn.
Messier than recent Hammer output, but effectively chilling when it's not making us feel the noize.
Nicolas Winding Refn evokes grief as a Lynchian put-on.
The sardonic laughs are mostly gone in this wheezing cash cow and the cries don't resonate. The greatest shocks are the ones facing the now middle-aged main actors when they look into the mirror.
Raimi going back to his roots, showing that he hasn't forgotten how to exercise his wickedly mischievous side to put on a hell of a show.
I squinted, I looked away, I sank in my seat, I shuddered. For this movie, that means "Mission Accomplished."
No horror classic is this, but it has the right texture to stand above the chaff of a genre that's frequently just plain awful.
A razor-sharp shot across the bows of Tinseltown.
Luca does not forget that this is mainly a horror story where the elements that generate tension, although subtle, are always present. [Full Review in Spanish]
Sounds like it was cribbed off a particularly pompous stack of inspirational posters, with lots of guff about promises and "the things we wish we could leave behind".
Watching New Moon is like being trapped in a room for two hours with a moody teenage girl who won't stop whining about how her boyfriend dumped her.
A spooky gothic horror tale with first-rate production design.
The script within "Adaptation" was a joke and it's sad that everyone involved wasn't in on it and dragged the audience to the top of the greatest imaginable rollercoaster only to breakdown before sending us down the hill.
It's great to see Zach Galligan on the big screen again, but Hatchet III serves up a host of unimaginative kills stymied by terrible gore effects. Strictly for fans of the series.
The film may flaunt its true-story credentials for the sake of lurid immediacy but, like the best of its variety, it has a healthy understanding of its own silliness.
I would prefer seeing a failed attempt at something different than a regurgitation of every modern horror trope. Yet The Witch proves unable to capitalize on being different.
I would happily watch it again, which is something I rarely say about horror films.
A smug, arch, irritating thing that hates its audience, hates genre films, and, curiously, hates itself most of all.
Wildly entertaining and inventive. It's a clever and thrilling combination of horror and satire.
Us is both enjoyable and slightly disappointing when seeing the clever aspects of Peele's filmmaking draw tantalisingly close together before drifting apart.
The problem with this film is that Jack the Ripper takes a backseat to the dull and terrible romance between Depp's policeman character and Heather Graham's prostitute character.
A minor triumph of style over substance
A fast-moving, lean killing machine that will delight genre fans.
The Woman in Black: Angel of Death reeks of a film that was hastily cobbled together in order to capitalise on the original film's success.
It looks like there will be three more chances for them to get it right. Let's hope they can sink their teeth into the sequels. That way, the non-readers can understand what all the fuss is about.
This remake of the "classic" Eighties slasher serves only to highlight its timeless banality.
...Hooper creates a film that's almost as effective as his first big success - The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.
Suffers a fate similar to that of many other horror and supernatural thrillers released in the last decade: It leaves you with the feeling that you're watching an episode of The X-Files, only Mulder and Scully never show up.
Just because a film is about the undead, that doesn't mean the film itself has to feel like it was made by the undead or for the undead.
It is certainly different, right down to the fact that these tales have no real morals. But as a deterrent for would-be princesses it does the job and I was transfixed.
This is one of the scariest movies featuring female heroines since the Alien series.
Shyamalan recaptures some of his earlier essence with lots of mystery, subtle creeps and moments where you'll question what exactly it is you're seeing.
The Slasher genre took a different direction with this sarcastic killer who delights in torturing his victims, simulating the nightmares we all experience.
Spoiler alert: Everybody dies.
Has all the visual punch of ... Terry Gilliam and David Fincher, but lacks the narrative and thematic strength of either of those two.
I don't know if my laughter was a result of Roth crafting an effective black comedy, or if it was a psychological defense mechanism.
The Descent seems less about female empowerment than female misery. One wonders if Marshall has issues. No males suffer here, just women who, even if they survive, won't ever be the same again.
As embarrassingly guilty pleasures go, House of Wax does a decent job of molding itself to your needs.
Even the gratuitous nudity can't quite save a Heathers-goes-to-college horror that's undermined by a silly plot and clunky dialogue.
If your nerves can take it, here's your first great horror movie of 2019.
Not terrifically good, but moviegoers will get what they're expecting.
A juvenile, overly dramatic love story that takes the Romeo and Juliet theme, duct tapes it around a giant, cartoonish hammer, and slams it into your head for 130 minutes.
The relational knots of emo heroes and dreamy hunks are making it start to feel rather soapy
... has the atmosphere, style and sturdy characterisation needed to tempt you along for the jaunt. But it doesn't have enough fresh scares or potent revelations to stick, much less soften the sense that we've been lost in trees like these before.
It's time to accept that the "based on a true story" legend is completely meaningless. [Full review in Spanish]
I don't know if you're tired of terrified girls racing through shadowy basements pursued by masked slashers while the soundtrack pulses with variations on the Halloween theme, but I am. Real tired.
...takes an enduring monster-movie premise, starts to rework it promisingly, and then drops the ball and falls back on trite, stereotyped action until we finally stop caring.
Franco has skills behind the camera. Seriously.
There are a few incredibly great laughs, and believe it or not, it's the most "fun" of the slasher horror films there's been in the 10 movies.
It starts out good and turns out dumb, ditching a promising, nicely suggestive first half for second-half payoffs... taking director Dave Franco's feature directorial debut into lame and lamer slasher-film territory.
If you're looking for something scary, this is the first great horror film of the spooky season.
Paranormal Activity is a remarkable achievement, but ultimately it's just not scary enough to be considered a horror classic.
The things that redeem the film, at least slightly, are Dourif's nasty, insinuating vocal performance and Kevin Yagher's design of the Chucky doll itself.
It's both moving and quietly unsettling as it builds towards a forceful climax.
A borderline effort.
what The Twilight Saga: New Moon might have looked like had Catherine Hardwicke stayed on to direct
Extremely gory. Horror fans should delight.
The original is great; this is lousy.
we all need more Glover in our lives
Taken purely as an exercise in style, this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore. But as a movie, it's a humorless, disjointed mess.
My Soul to Take lacks quality 3D and the one, standout, never-seen-before scare necessary to get horror fans spreading the word to fellow scary movie buffs.
a trippy rainbow of the gory and the grotesque
There's a lot to like here, although I will admit that it's a film I admire for its originality more than I actually enjoy.
Paranormal needed a change, but the point was to be better, not just mildly different.
I wanted to cast a few spells myself on the writers...evil spells.
Much like their previous effort on Open Water, the filmmaking pair once again prove you don't need a huge budget, crazy effects or a star-studded cast when creating a truly terrifying tale.
For the casual viewer or someone that just wants to have a little scary movie time for the season, it's fine but for the big Halloween/horror fans, it may not be enough.
Splices together the mad-scientist story with a satire of modern marriage and parenting. While the results are mad, brazenly unethical, and occasionally funny, the implications are deeply upsetting.
Not too many genre films reach too far below the surface, and Stir of Echoes is a welcome aberration.
BLAIR WITCH is chilling and intense. It is a truly terrifying cinematic experience.
Breathtakingly haunting and in a way, surreal, Us is a must-see that will horrify audiences the world over.
Definitely unforgettable, it's destined for cult classic status.
Essentially, it's a brave, bold and brash piece of film-making that deserves to find a cult home on DVD.
The Wolfman is a shaggy dog story that's oddly easy to enjoy, for all that there are clearly manifest flaws to chew over. Ignore them and savour for what it is - meaty chunks of gothic silliness in a marrow-chilling jelly.
Shows potential, even as it slowly drifts from a mumblecore-style character drama, into a full-on slasher film.
Oozes suffering, yet the heroes endure and push their superhuman but still vulnerable bodies beyond the limits of pain.
Crisp, odd, and quietly very creepy.
If a viewer's willing to accept that there might be more tenderness than terror, accepting the brief scenes of fiendish interaction for what they are, however, After Midnight can be a rewarding experience.
The perfect scary movie for people who hate scary movies. Huh?
When the end comes, it feels too soon... a classic set-em-up, knock-em-down overkill horror as fans like it.
The Wretched never finds a convincing through line beyond its basic plot, and the plot is a fundamentally basic one, at that.
The final product might be slight, but the suspense is palpable enough to make the journey worthwhile. After Annabelle, this being better than it should is a victory.
... looks luscious but feels as though a whole lot of story got lost between the page and the screen.
Rites of Spring feel like someone who was in the middle of a great thought but never got around to finishing it.
PROM NIGHT is a must avoid and is the real reason why studios don't screen certain movies for critics.
Craven's best movie that doesn't have the word "Texas" in the title.
The best thing to be said for Darkness Falls is that it contains one decent piece of advice: Stay in the light. When the lights are on, after all, this movie won't be shown.
The clever and nicely gory "Sputnik" comes from Russia with love, slime, and an impressive lesson in efficient, low-cost pulp filmmaking.
What's a zombie movie without zombies? A dull zombie movie.
There's enough gore, ideas and self-aware absurdity here to make it something a bit more enticing than merely Alien: The EastEnders Redux.
The screenplay has a nice twist that could have supported a stylish giallo-style thriller; unfortunately, director Mark Tonderai delivers a mess -- an almost random tangle of choppy edits, handheld camera, 'shock' sound effects and other horror cliches.
I didn't really care about the characters [and] the story didn't draw me in.
The kind of film you might get if you gave a 15-year-old horror fan access to a strobe light, some white bed sheets and a job lot of exploding prosthetic heads.
This is pleasantly much less insulting than most films in the genre ... and far more entertaining than it has any right to be after its dire predecessor.
I'll take a bunch of teenagers terrorized by chain-saw-wielding zombies any day.
Slow, has zero inventive kills or any set pieces for that matter, is constantly tripping over its own narrative and, worst of all, it isn't scary.
Grim and all too realistic, 'Unfriended: Dark Web" is a smart morality tale.
Crimson Peak is a film more concerned with style than characters and the mystery/romance/horror plot; despite an interesting theme, the characters are thin and the plot is predictable.
One of those horror movies with no internal logic and camera tricks as ways to heighten tension instead of anything that feels remotely genuine. The trip through Silent House starts promisingly but you'll be running for the doors before it ends.
Sick, demented, wrong, and just the sort of movie we deserve at Halloween time.
While The Blackcoat's Daughter is intriguing and seductive at the start, in the end it doesn't quite live up to the insinuations it made in the beginning.
The only thing scarier than the [underground horror] movies may be the people who make them.
While 28 Weeks Later ultimately falls shy of classic status, there are several hard-to-shake scenes -- nightmare visions, really -- that reveal the infected populace to be far less dangerous to the fabric of a civilized society.
Drag Me to Hell? More like sauntering through purgatory.
Pierce as a kind dad in a fun pre-pubescent tale
A slow and sinister exercise in ever-escalating dread, The Witch is quite unlike any other horror movie you have ever seen. Or felt.
Fessenden gives us one of the most vulnerable manifestations of Frankenstein leaving the depravity to mankind which is far more frightening than any monster ever created.
The Witch is effectively unpleasant and creepy, but it works better as a psychological thriller than a horror film.
It's a lean, mean, mostly efficient machine - when it's focusing on gator gore.
The only comedy-horror that ever worked was An American Werewolf in London - and it worked because it was about character.
Premonio 2 certamente no  to tenso quanto seu predecessor, embora seja igualmente divertido.
You can't pick your your in-laws, but you can kill them in this decidedly dark and twisted thriller.
Yet another boring, creativity-lacking sequel.
Mr. Ottman doesn't have the firm grasp of tone necessary to make his deliberate ambiguities seem other than simple confusion.
Director David Koepp is best known as a prolific screenwriter, with credits including good, bad, and ugly. For all his success, his script for this You Should Have Left... has precious few moments that feel remotely organic.
Predictably, the derivative title here is a jumping-off point for another derivative slasher-revenge pic.
Intellectually cheap: a superficial exploration of child abuse, with some X-Files atmosphere and excessive narrative complication.
Though Brightburn seldom strays too far from the expected, there are moments where a unique sensibility on the story takes hold.
This presses all the right buttons, and is perfect accompaniment to the theater's air conditioning. A definite must for fans.
At least it's better than some of the earlier Exorcist sequels.
Horror-movie protagonists should know better than to make wishes on mysterious ancient artifacts.
Without a single moment of originality, this found-footage horror movie really deserves to be the last one ever made.
The hybrid of cyber antics and bayou creepiness doesn't quite jell, but it all ends bloodily, and in an efficient 85 minutes, too. I'm not complaining.
A 2020 American horror film, yes, and a title that is a contraction of 'an anti-oppression story told with a lot of bells and little acuity to avoid ho-hum.'
The bulk of "Carrie" is not a gore-fest, but a prescient tone poem about the mental torture of social outcasts in high school halls in the pre-Columbine era.
Yeah, it's raunchy and campy, but there's nothing wrong with that. It's just as fun as it should be. [Full review in Spanish].
Better than the other Exocist sequels.
...generic, forgettable, and without claws.
Goosebumps is an interesting attempt to turn the beloved series of books into a film, but with a story that's uninspired and a bit rushed, it merely turns into an overstuffed tale that lacks focus.
The toy in this prequel to agreeable period horror The Conjuring could hardly seem more sinister if it had presented Top of the Pops during the 1970s
"Torture porn" my ass; this is evolution.
The controversy may have piqued the curiosity of horror fans but the film is undeserving of any further attention, managing to be both nastily unpleasant and laughably ludicrous.
1408 isn't great cinema, but does an adequate job in spite of its flaws.
Josh Lobo's twist on a Twilight Zone episode is a reminder that not all remakes have to stick to the script.
A filmmaker just can't have it both ways when he decides he wants to make Aliens meets Les Miserables.
It is a beautiful film with very few surprises up its sleeve, but you won't really care since you'll be mesmerized by what you're seeing on screen.
[I]f you're looking for logic, abandon all hope. This is a movie where the dead come back to life as zombies and our heroes decide to take a shortcut through a cemetery.
The Tenant isn't so much a psychological portrait of grief as it is an unnerving acknowledgement of the ambiguous nature of the world.
Like Jumanji on bad acid, it's pretty much game for anything.
Satirical shadings can't save sorority slasher schlock.
This one is not on par with Blumhouse's last release (and one of the last wide theatrical releases this year), "The Invisible Man," but grading on a cabin-fever curve, it's a stylish creeper and probably worth the rental.
Not one of Crawford's finer roles.
It would be fun to rent with friends who talk back to movies and imbibe a little ETOH to facilitate the witty comebacks. Compared to the other Halloween offerings out there this year, 30 Days of Night is really pretty decent value for your money. Great
14 Cameras reflects the fears we have about urbanism, all the anxious aspects of living in a city.
Both a gory monster movie and a Twilight Zone-styled morality play on mob mentality and religion run amok. [DVD review]
People don't go to see movies like this to hear insightful conversations; they see them to watch a teenage girl get impaled on a tree branch.
Unfortunately, for a supposedly scary movie, the only thing from above that may chill you when you leave the theater is rain.
Ari Aster's dread-drenched Midsommar, a masterpiece of folk horror, proves that the scariest monsters don't need to lurk in the shadows. How can they, in the land of the midnight sun?
13 Cameras delivers a villain for the ages, but the rest of the film can't keep up.
...falls right in line with its entirely underwhelming predecessor...
Interesting one-take cinematography and a great performance by Elizabeth Olsen are very nearly ruined by a muddled story that leaves little room for replay value.
Director Jordan Downey shows much and tells little in his nearly wordless medieval fantasy, The Head Hunter.
Last gasp in the Hammer Frankensteins. Not as dull as some, but with a ridiculous monster
"Silent House'' is up to something. The filmmakers, Chris Kentis and Laura Lau, must have seen plenty of horror movies worth discussing in a women's studies class.
If you didn't catch REC fever first time round, let yourself get bitten by Quarantine. Such brilliance is an isolated incident in modern scary movies.
Deserves points for showing some guts in a year of bland musicals ... It's just too bad the music's so one-note.
Would it be hypocritical to say that I loved "Room 237," even thought I felt like 75 percent of what was said in it was completely hooey?
Carpenter botches another remake,
a frustratingly fantastic movie that would be better and leave more of an impact if it bothered to take some kind of a side
The Wretched doesn't work as either comfort food or gross-out entertainment.
Daniel Stamm's film is solidly helmed, if expectedly over-reliant on unnecessarily grisly comeuppances that leave nothing to the imagination.
This story, about scientists who create a life form in the laboratory, goes from intriguing to wacky to disturbing with the speed of a car rolling downhill. And the laughter you hear in the theater is the audience's natural response when it does.
mimics the original without quite catching what made that original worth seeing
The screenplay is abysmal, the performances are lifeless, and Alvarez's direction does nothing but rip pages out of Raimi's playbook.
People live, people die, monsters creep out of the shadows, but it's all a little too formulaic, cynical, and ... well, boring.
Despite the upgrade in visuals, some of the dialogue is still unconvincing; and although the actors are acceptable, the conversations range from annoying to aggravating.
Salles' remake seems driven by an ailing liver.
...one of the most promising horror efforts of its type to come around in quite some time.
Paying homage to its B-movie slasher roots, Child's Play finds inventive ways to up the gore, at the same time skewering the current culture of consumerism and digital obsession.
There's nothing ground-breaking here, but it's effective nevertheless.
An often gauzy-gray movie that makes as much use of white as of the traditional horror-movie black, 'Vampyr' is so beautiful to look at, it's hypnotic.
It is the wildly chaotic and loony middle section where The Signal truly achieves a level of out-of-control B-movie brilliance.
Whatever life there is to the movie is what [Aaliyah] brings to it.
The finale of The Ruins makes the film feel like a cheap cop-out ... a claim no one would ever make about the novel.
Feels like a late-arriving film class homework assignment that the students didn't really care about.
[T]he small achievement of Devil's Due is how much it both exploits the video-cam approach and overcomes some of its limitations.
Could CHILD'S PLAY be that rare instance of an 80s remake that gets things right? Yes, it could be. It eschews that decade's aesthetic for a modern look, but still captures that old-ish mentality of Reaganomics gory satire.
The direction and performances are solid enough to hold the attention right up to the maddeningly mishandled ending.
[A] delicious romp with a game heroine that never takes itself too seriously, and has some pointed things to say about the class system.
With its garish colour palette and sugar-high energy level, Antibirth sometimes resembles a cinematic glass of Kool-Aid. But successful films, unlike powdered drink mixes, require more than just throwing a few ingredients together.
Sleepaway Camp III is a fantastic follow-up to the previous sequel, and even if all the jokes don't necessarily stick the landing in the end, Pamela Springsteen is once again a superstar in this underappreciated sequel.
Viral doesn't reinvent the infection genre, but has enough fun playing in its massive sandbox to make for a sleek little indie watch.
What's the point? None of the segments is particularly compelling. Strung together, it's way too much of a muchness.
Holness' film - which also has an old school element in being a rare modern horror shot on 35mm - never feels derivative, and part of its slow burn terror is just how dangerously unpredictable the whole thing feels.
Slickly made and worth the watch.
Dialogue so deadening and repetitive that it takes on the cadence of MAD Magazine set to a Gregorian chant.
Creepy, almost as creepy as Keifer Sutherland's five'o'clock shadow
It's The Apprentice with obligatory torture, and a damp squib of an ending.
I'd rather have Peter Vincent on my side than Jack Crow and company.
Saw doesn't cut it. Any movie that makes you giggle when you should be freaking-out scared has missed the mark - less would have been more.
It is only because of a few elements of original creativity that Van Sant and the rest should be saved from eternal film damnation.
More proof that the MPAA's ratings system is useless: If the level of gory violence in these Chuck Jones-meets-Herschell Gordon Lewis set-pieces doesn't demand an NC-17 designation, what does?
The new movie is a pre-combat nightmare, whereas the first -- Alexandre Aja's effective 2006 remake of Craven's low-rent 1977 original -- was pure post-nuclear paranoia.
A decent premise and a fun ending does not a solid horror movie make.
Brutal monster movie is twisted but artfully gooey.
A must for anyone with even a passing interest in horror, this not only confirms Karloff as a master of the genre, but also shows, more than any of Whale's subsequent films, the influence of his vision.
Starting full of dark promise, Lights Out becomes a mechanical, family action film made with kid gloves. It left me begging to be scared.
With her scared eyes, alert line-readings and Lillian Gish looks, Miss Pugh, late of Lady Macbeth, ensures it is much better than it might have been anyway.
Its been called the scariest movie of all time. It's certainly not far off. Simple. Effective. Terrifying.
Fishburne, Sam Neill, Joely Richardson and Sean Pertwee bring some class to the determinedly B-movie dialogue, and Anderson delivers some eye-poppingly nasty sequences that will please horror fans.
Burton has made a wonderful monster movie from a script that doesn't understand this is a monster movie.
Two additional Oscar nods and many supporting roles later, her protean lead performance is the best thing about Ma, a horror and teen comedy mash-up that falls prey to tired genre tropes.
I was done when there was a needless scene abusing a woman. And the ending was on the verge of interesting, until it came down to one little punch.
Wolfman...is all bark and very little bite.
This latest installment suffers from the same derivative issues, though correctly straddles a menacing tone, while at the same time offering up a committed cast this time around.
Willow Creek is Goldthwait flexing a whole new set of film-making muscles and he proves that there's some life left in the found footage genre.
Kinski and Herzog frighten Nosferatu.
Summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this.
A stream of shocks and blessings a teenager can thrill to.
It's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate.
The Filmmakers should've consulted one another re: their content-one more segment with a group of A-HOLES carrying on like the cast of JACKASS and my head may have exploded.
One need go no further than the film's first segment to grasp how little interest the latest entry in the anthology series has in generating chills from the lo-fi.
Perhaps it's fitting that the word "anarchy" is in the movie's title: it implies all that is necessary in describing such a disorderly narrative.
It doesn't work.
Raimi's made this "Drag" a race, designed to chill you, thrill you and give you an excuse to clutch your date's arm with each of the many jolts and jumps it delivers as it twists and turns to the finish line.
Seeking to merge the conventions of found-footage horror with targeted social commentary, the film does its job with some skill ...
A surprising delight, which doesn't skimp on some great creature effects and fun, sometimes shocking moments.
..has at least one great image: a zombie woman on horseback endlessly galloping around the island like some Gothic, Bronte-inspired ghost.
It's hard to recommend Ready or Not whole-heartedly as some might love the film's darkly comedic nature more than others ... I can totally see how this might be deemed a cult classic over time.
The Wretched might not give enough focus to its unique and refreshing entity, but thanks to a tension-filled atmosphere and some terrifying visuals this remains a damn fun ride from start to finish.
Based on an HP Lovecraft story, it's a fun, messy, hallucinogenic head trip of a movie, shot with cosmic gorgeousness by cult director Richard Stanley.
I guess the best that can be said about Slender Man is that it could have been a lot, lot worse.
1408 is another Stephen King adaptation where the main protagonist is a writer. It is also a fine psychological horror movie and welcome change of pace from the ultra violent, gore polluted, torture porn flicks currently infecting cinema.
Proof that horror, when handled properly, is a genre with great richness and the capacity to make you reflect upon different subjects using fear as a conduit. [Full review in Spanish]
Neither as misanthropic nor maniacal as the original, this update finds a happy medium between entropy and empathy. It's the right ground to claim for a shrewd, sleek and truly scary story that knows trauma can't be erased but it can be empowering.
The ever-likeable Katee Sackhoff strands herself in a well-made but trite Candyman knock-off that desperately strives to franchise itself out, but leans back on moldy haunted house tropes for the majority.
...winds up wallowing in its own detached ironic humour.
Ghosts of War does have some surprises up its sleeve, but it doesn't make much out of either the mystical or military material, and will struggle to put the frighteners on hardened horror fans.
The filmmakers have one good idea ... Otherwise, the picture remains imagination-free.
Midsommar is not only the best horror film... of 2019, but also one of those groundbreaking contributions that dignifies the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
The ads for this third, count 'em, THIRD remake of the campy 1956 classic sci-fi film 'Invasion Of The Body Snatchers' warn 'Do Not Trust Anyone' (yeah, who tells you to see this movie!)
Unfriended hit me out of left field and in the best possible way. I was expecting an empty-headed teen horror flick that would rely on cheap jump scares but, instead, Gabriadze creates a palpable sense of tension that's creeps up on you throughout.
Veteran writer Joss Whedon and first-time director Drew Goddard deconstruct the horror genre like never before.
The Purge films are B-movies, and so this ultraviolence mostly works, though its social commentary is served a little too rare to stomach easily.
Sports glossier production values, but its driving motivation -- to push the boundaries of exploitative nastiness -- remains just as low.
The film is so relentlessly fun that we're powerless to resist.
The Dracula make-up is a homage to Max Schreck's Count Orlock, but Werner Herzog's 1979 effort owes little else to FW Murnau's silent classic.
You probably won't be able to explain what Mad Men star Christina Hendricks is doing in this nasty nonsense.
I'm an Oscar-winning actress. I believe I'll get better roles than this someday. I don't believe I'll stick with my agent.
Assumes for all of its thankfully brief 89 minutes that its audience is stupid and easily-bored, and proceeds to fling nonsense at us without pause.
I always thought this film was overrated by the Fangoria crowd. Brad Dourif's performance makes it worth a rental.
A nica pessoa que se deu bem com este filme foi Jamie Lee Curtis, que garantiu sua sada definitiva da srie.
... the cross-bred horror-thriller you've been waiting for since Seven.
Subtly scary, supernatural fright flick
One of the cleverest and most darkly comic "Final Destinations," with several fun deaths. And, yes, "fun" is the word.
Should've gone the anthology route, or a route that doesn't deliberately rip off "It" and "Stranger Things."
A perfectly respectable addition to the Halloween franchise, an improvement over many of the disreputable sequels and a far better return for Curtis than H20 was.
Synthetically sadistic, 'The Prodigy' needs to be forgotten in the flimsy film factory of violent kiddie capers and it wouldn't hurt a bit if the miserable Miles was in need of a supernatural spanking as well.
Its key horrors and delights - an owl in the moonlight, a midget presiding over a cockfight, a secret lover buried alive - are all the more searing.
In terms of the female-body politic, it's an art-horror dirty bomb.
You want real terror? If this second outing proves profitable, we'll be looking at Yet Again I Recall the Summer Before the Summer Before Last. Now that's scary.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The movie's good even when it goes in too many directions at once, because it gets the kids right.
A gorgeous work of art and a confusing mess.
I was hoping for greatness from Rob Zombie's Halloween, but got pretty-goodness, instead.
Drink the blood of the Master!
A tense journey into the darkness of Middle America, Red State holds the power to both shock and amuse with its increasingly audacious story and strong performances.
Mommie dreariest.
Even as a coven assembles, the movie forgets to scare.
Cheesy dialogue apart, the result is surprisingly touching.
It paid homage to the first one, without overdoing it, and it updated the whole series. The action was great, the gore was good, and these characters were modern characters...one of the better horror films I've seen in the last few years.
Director Sam Raimi reconfirms his evil cred.
A gory, slapdash entry that ditches some of the somberness of its predecessors, yet again finds its narrative adventurousness drowned out by flat staging and unimaginative direction.
The Curse of the Weeping Woman might be my last excursion into the non-James-Wan-directed reaches of so-called The Conjuring Universe.
The characters are forgettable but the horror they suffer lingers in the memory, for good or ill.
Hoping to set itself apart from the current horror trend, 1408 is spooky but never scary and for some viewers that will be more than enough.
It may not be very clever, and the plot may be full of holes, but this sequel's clammy atmosphere is so unnerving that it manages to keep us squirming in our seats.
Really scary. A 10 on the "creepy" scale.
As a PG-13, Cursed is a lesser, more cowardly effort, but one that still has enough giddy buoyancy and slick thrills to lift above its last-minute studio tinkering.
This movie wasn't screened for critics. That's too bad, because this movie was surprisingly well done.
Many scenes on their own show some great promise. But Mena can't get his film to work as a whole.
Oh dear lord no. Generic, tension-free and lacking in any originality whatsoever. And the 3D is beyond useless.
[O]ne of the most original, and strongly female-led horror movies of the year thus far.
[A] delightfully tense, squeal-inducing chase film, based on a clever idea and a handful of tight comic performances.
In the theater where I saw it, the tedium was broken only by the sound of Angry Birds being played on iPhones.
A smart little creature feature with a great hook, but whose star beast ultimately only succeeds at nipping at our nerves.
Although there are plenty of elements to choose from, perhaps the absolute worst part of this movie is its soundtrack.
In the final film of Tom Six's self-consciously sick horror-comedy series, the concept of the "human centipede" - easily the most original and repulsive in modern horror - is merrily taken to its logical conclusion.
Eggers is clearly first and foremost a film-maker rather than a historian and the urge to entertain eventually prevails.
Director Andres Muschietti has taken his celebrated short and expanded it out over 100 unnecessary minutes. The result screams for editing instead of eliciting shrieks from the audience.
A série Resident Evil também se transformou em um morto-vivo. E já está devorando os cérebros de seus espectadores.
This ranks as one of Hammer's greatest ever.
Set in a world that looks like old Italy but where ogres marry princesses and fleas grow as large as dogs, Tale of Tales is a sprawling fantasy that is too ambitious and imaginative to be sunk by an inability to fully transport viewers.
"The First Purge" follows the franchise tradition of taking what could have been an intriguing idea, stays with it for about the amount of time it takes to eat a small popcorn, then slices and dices it and guns it down in an orgy of over-the-top violence.
...the script is surprisingly clever and funny.
Survival of the Dead plays embarrassingly like a parody of the yukfests George A. Romero's Dead movies have inspired over the years.
This movie is terrible, destined to be mentioned in "worst ever" lists, and you might love it, especially with a crowd that's able to get on a certain wavelength.
Sinister isn't perfect, but it easily tops most of its scare-starved competition.
There are some great FX moments that'll make you go "eww", calling to mind those old-school horror films such as The Thing and Creepshow that combined fascination with revulsion.
It's well shot and delivers on gooey, slimy practical effects. It might be a little too fast-paced, though; as the tragic love story at the heart of the film is never given much time for the emotional beats to fully resonate.
The Blumhouse brand has proven to provide entertaining little projects, even when working with little to no budget, but Prey makes even their lowest achieving fare feel like A24's awards season bait.
A social commentary that feels relevant and does not suffer from the movie's unavoidable violence. [Full review in Spanish].
It had the potential to be as good as the first film, but the filmmakers made unfortunate choices that diluted the main story line and overexposed everything that was supposed to be scary.
It's a summer movie that delivers a lowest-common-denominator good time, and mostly succeeds.
Benson and Moorhead navigate this tricky terrain skilfully both in front of as well as behind the camera, their performances low-key and naturalistic, allowing the leads to be comfortably mundane while the circumstances around them prove anything but.
Nary a ghost to be found, and The Mummy is silly.
All the Boys Love Mandy Lane (is) the best modern slasher flick since Scream. In fact, I like All the Boys Love Mandy Lane a little more than Scream -- All the Boys may be knowing and post-modern as it begs, borrows and steals from films like Prom Night,
Combining an intelligent and imaginative use of achieve footage, rambling voice-overs and animation, Room 237 is an intriguing labyrinth of abstract hypothesis interwoven with intermittent success.
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once.
Undead is the sort of movie that people in other horror movies are watching.
Unsatisfying, hokey and never that scary (unless you're the type who jumps at every loud noise or sudden appearance in this sort of movie), The Unborn outstays even its brief lifespan.
Paprika is yet another incoherent anime that's more interested in its warmed over visuals than in indulging in any kind of storytelling or character work.
Writer/director Leigh Whannell paces The Invisible Man so perfectly, it earns every punctuated scare.
A King King knock off, and one that's highlighted by some awesome creature special effects.
Finally, Hollywood has made a good "Halloween" sequel. It took them only 40 years.
...suggests civilization is a thin facade. Underneath, it's survival of the most furious.
This indie shocker starts strong but doesn't know how to leverage its slick premise.
To think that all of this is based on a novel (by Shaun Hutson) and not some real life event, as other bad horror movies would have audiences believe.
Engaging but overstuffed ...
A rote latter-day slasher film with barely anything worth recommending.
The Grudge became just the 20th film since CinemaScore's inception in 1979 to earn an "F" designation. That's actually appropriate, since the movie itself is nothing if not a big "F you" to everyone who paid to see it.
When close-knit characters talk in awkwardly roundabout ways because the filmmaker wants to stave off the release of key information as long as possible, you know you're in trouble.
There isn't really much suspense or scariness in this film, but it is seriously nightmarish
[Sanchez] demonstrates that a well-timed door slam and a cleverly framed shot of an ordinary household object are as creepy as ever.
Poor execution of a great concept. Why doesn't Englund ever meet Freddy? Why aren't there more movie refernces? Has Langencamp'
just because it's not as good as the original doesn't make this sequel a bad movie.
Watching Vitthal aim high and not quite make it is still preferable to watching so many other horror film-makers remain satisfied with lazy regurgitation.
Few horror films are as insistent about the trauma mental illness inflicts on families as Lights Out, and still fewer are so insensitive about it.
A true but very tired slasher flick.
A serviceable Jaws ripoff that was perfect '70s drive-in fare.
The frightening stuff works because the film contains believable, strong central characters and lots of unexpected shocks.
Elisabeth Moss brings full life to her characters. What an amazing and capable actress. [Full review in Spanish]
Given this is one of the first movies that we can think of that covers sleep-paralysis in such detail, it should be fresh and invigorate the genre, instead it plods along ticking off all the expected, but uninteresting, boxes.
Wan, a director with an extensive resume in cinematic scare tactics, operates in his element here, opting not to push the horror envelope, but merely to refine it.
suffers the fate of most sequels: it is both derivative and repetitive
There's a chance you might, at night, catch yourself looking over your shoulder more than once after watching this.
Anyone at a fan convention will tell you that Freddy vs. Jason had the potential to be a horror classic; unfortunately it's ended up as just another slasher flick.
It's practically outsider art, made by an unusually incompetent outsider.
It's better than chapter two and while it won't have you sleeping with the light on, it's a solid nerve jangler.
[T]he developments in the last act only serve to deflate the atmosphere of unease that has come before them.
This is one of the least scary, dumbest movies I've seen in a long time.
It Follows is itself a film that thrives in the borders, not so much about the horror that leaps out in front of you, but the deeper anxiety that waits at the verge of consciousness.
...A rather silly concept, drawn out to terribly silly lengths, with so many horror-movie clichs that the good devices are drowned out by the schlock
This is a very good haunted house film. It milks our frustration deliciously.
We've seen this movie before.
If only it had taken the characters' lead and strayed further from the beaten track...
To be fair, the machine we see here looks pretty impressive by 1981 standards and the graphics it produces must have been a lot of trouble to create, but it's hard to imagine what Montague Summers would have made of it.
Eerie, low budget horror classic.
An exorcise in futility.
As surely as rats have whiskers, Willard will go down as the definitive Crispin Glover film.
Like a great rock guitarist Wan knows his instrument, especially in those incredibly tense moments when a pitch perfect sustained note holds attention until the slam of a power-chord-jump-scare.
Pod is able to find tension, but it's just too undercooked.
Here's a terrific example of how to do a reboot: you take an existing concept, hold on to the central premise, then rethink everything from the ground up...[the film] reminds us of how totally creepy movie dolls have been since 1945's Dead of Night.
Though certainly a cut above the majority of its straight-to-video horror brethren, Rest Stop is ultimately undone by the inclusion of several questionable elements...
The bloody violence, the tears, the screams, the jump scares - all familiar, but still done in a fresh way.
... a crude religious exploitation piece (although poor Linda Blair - required to urinate, swear and vomit on cue - is exploited more than anything else).
A film is that seems to be cooking a good psychological thriller, but unfortunately this never happens. [Full review in Spanish]
This is rote spookiness, with nary an original idea (or role, or edit, or score, or anything, really) in sight, and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'Why?'
This is entertainment?
A rickety old ride and no mistake, this instalment is for franchise fans only.
It doesn't really offer anything new. [full review in Spanish]
What's best is that beneath the horror are questions of identity. The origins of the character are changed, just a touch. The core remains the same. The saw's still family.
But you go to these films to see the boogeyman get his comeuppance. So, what are you waiting for?
Looking more prepared for a walk down a Milan catwalk than the grizzled sea-salt she's supposed to be, Berry provides a dull filling for Stockwell's risible shark sandwich.
Much blood is spilt and many quips are made as the absurdities pile up, although it never really adds up to all that much.
The third act is just insane. Every little strange thing any character might have said pays off.
Regardless of how badly it goes in the home-stretch, it's still worth seeing.
The darkness is speckled with the lightening humor of characters who are funny without crossing into smarminess.
Feardotcom is full of inconsistencies and contradictions, but none are more disturbing than the fact that not a single policeman wears gloves at any of the umpteen crime scenes scattered throughout the film.
With its desiccated plains and rotting crops, the Africa depicted in the Ford Brothers' zombie flick proves an evocative setting.
(Ari) Aster has again put a fresh and gory bow on a genre that we know too well.
Merely lurid slice-and-dice junk put through a Cuisinart.
Hilariously bad horror show
Works as a thrilling scare machine and an ambitious but structurally flawed gimmick.
Jeff Grace's melancholy music underscores the atmosphere of bleak dystopian despair, leavened by flashes of humour and hope.
The real treat is watching the classically trained Stewart, whose harrowing performance gives this raw, edgy, awesomely impressive, little hard-hitting punk-rock movie even more of a visceral kick.
The clumsy and obvious byproduct of the financial success of its predecessor last Halloween, this movie has no reason for existing except to provide Paramount Pictures with a few extra shekels.
The film toys with very real traumas and avoids every event to engage with them. In the end, what fun there is to be had is shallow.
Creepy visuals but no scares in the latest adaptation of King's novel. What should have been a chilling finale is reduced to an almost comical visual that feels trendy as if the directors are aiming for a new series on AMC.
While the film breaks no new ground, it's a satisfying run through familiar territory, offering reconfigured versions of scenes horror fans will know by heart, and interesting variations on the mix of characters.
A masterclass in building horror atmosphere. Finally, it's a zombie film with the one thing zombies have been crying out for all these years: BRRAAAIIINNNSS.
Nispel, Shannon and Swift had all the tools at their disposal to create death scenes that are both unique and shocking, but there is really only one slaying that is remotely notable, and that involves a topless woman hiding underneath a boat pier.
YouTube transplant Gallagher's freshman effort is doggedly formulaic -- his blood-smeared Smiley is a sock-puppet boogeyman, a low-rent knockoff of Candyman and Ghostface.
The scariest images are lifted directly from Jacob's Ladder and Ghost Story.
...challenging and imaginative. Spicer's experimental lighting gives 'Lights Out' its gripping sheen. Overall, Sandberg's menacing mechanism of a movie certainly forces the shaky hand of its skeptical audience to snuggle up to the nearest light switch.
A few moments of ingenuity aside, Truth or Dare is lacklustre filmmaking. Its premise is so contrived that any attempts at stirring up dread or suspense are stifled at the outset.
Sputnik is rightly drawing comparisons to Ridley Sott's Alien. It has a great balance of mystery and discovery that gradually builds into excellent horror that should captivate audiences of sci-fi horror.
Not as good as the original, but still pretty fun, it serves up more of the same and continued to be fresh enough before its many other sequels got too silly.
One of the least understood movie monsters is the pronoun.
What a shame that the remake fell into the unwieldy hands of the same jokers responsible for last year's execrable Prom Night redo.
The much loved Ethan Hawke finds himself in a cheap and cheerless horror film watching images of murders and trying to find the boogie-man before the bad acting around him causes him too much grief.
Beyond the stabs of tension, there's a disturbing self-reflection on Halloween's appeal.
Unquestionably it's a feat of imagination and technique, but an hour of it is more than enough.
The best shot in this film is the first one. Not a good sign.
a softball horror film, made for 13-year-old girls at a slumber party wanting to be sort of scared
The violence is intense and visceral. And while it may be a familiar formula, Saulnier's cast is top-notch, his writing is sharp, and it isn't long before you realize that no one's survival is guaranteed.
Classic '70s low-budget horror/sci-fi.
"The Quiet Ones" simply has nothing to say.
Em vez de buscar o susto fácil, 'A Bruxa de Blair' investe na criação e manutenção de um constante clima de tensão.
Slasher fans, take a whack at "Wrong Turn."
It has an amazing sense of homage without ever really trying to reference The Twilight Zone, and, at the same time, it's an entity all of its own.
In his second feature, director Ari Aster shows he has a limited number of tricks up his sleeve.
...doesn't necessary punch a stake through its heart as far as cohesive plotlines and decent character development are concerned. Slickly manufactured...the intrusive gory antics coupled with a ludicrous premise makes for a mawkish mixture of mediocrity
The fright film du jour succeeds as both cautionary teen allegory and unnerving blend of 'Blue Velvet' and the underground 'Deadgirl' ... an instant cult classic!
Desperately difficult to watch.
So it isn't as good as It: Chapter One. That doesn't mean it's not a good time. The filmmakers have assembled a cornucopia of nightmare fuel, or at least a heck of a lot of amazing jump scares...
You could spend the entire movie texting your friends and not miss a thing, which I suppose its target audience may consider an asset.
A pretty terrific example of its genre, despite some rather obvious and avoidable flaws of story structure.
There is a very good idea for a really intriguing, startling film here, that finally gets a little lost in its own freakily cosmic claustrophobia.
A slickly shot traditional horror movie given fresh life via a new setting and a new angle.
[Screenwriter Scott Lobdell] finds ways of evolving the simplistic gimmick into something more.
An exquisite piece of filmmaking in which basically not one single thing goes wrong at any point.
This inventive genre-bender is the type of movie best seen cold, with no knowledge of any plot details beforehand, in order to truly benefit from its wild thematic shifts.
Has the energy of a fresh new film-maker really going for it.
Tthe characters of Friend of Request are equally unmemorable with almost everyone failing to rise above the absurdity and downright idiocy of the script.
The Stepfather has no problem standing alone as an excellent horror flick. Fans of the horror genre and fans of just a good campy film will delight in this movie.
...a watchable thriller...
It's a surprisingly intelligent and welcome addition to a genre that's usually a dumping ground for low budget efforts.
Magnificent scenery chewing from Tallulah in a pretty good thriller with smart direction.
Unfriended: Dark Web does not have [Black Mirror's] ambition... However, the dynamism and specificity with which it describes the delirium of the time we live in exhibits the same intensity. [Full review in Spanish]
Sixth Sense may have the boffo twist ending, but this is by far the better film on a sustained level, and features what has to be one of the creepiest first half-hours in recent film history!
The original was a no-frills, psychology-based affair that got most of its juice from the conflict between the dad and his suspicious stepdaughter, but the new one is needlessly complicated and more overt.
A dance about the obscure in the human being. An introspection to our psyche. A domination that has excerciced the power on the woman's body in the past and in the present. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Nelson McCormick has assembled a fairly valuable compendium of almost every kind of false scare known to exist.
If you like to be scared, if you like to laugh, and if you like to learn a thing or two at the movies, this absolutely cannot be missed.
Maybe Romero, whose original movie was a genuine inspiration, hasn't figured out anything new to do with his zombies.
The jump scares are spot on and the level of gore produced by the makeup artists is truly horrifying.
The real horror here is how anyone, especially a two-time Oscar nominated director, could be this hard up for work.
... 'Bad Biology' is intelligent, funny and sick as hell
Talk about a dot com failure.
Be warned. This is a disturbing film, and it's not for everyone.
Alvarez builds and builds and builds, putting his audience through an exhausting and intensely satisfying rigor.
Rigor Mortis can't fully work for a Western audience, but it does at least provide a fascinating glimpse of a strange genre that never quite crossed over.
Sinister 2 is a disappointing sequel that doesn't earn a majority of its scares, yet we jump anyway. And that's unfortunately all this lazy compilation of homemade horrors strives for.
An uneven tone and the feeling of too many cooks mars the finished product, but there are moments of beauty and real terror.
Horror junkies will find 'life after death' when watching The Conjuring; a dark, overwhelming and chilling film that constantly shoots fear to entertain. [Full review in Spanish]
Clown is an impressive feat... but sadly it's not nearly as rough as it needs to be to justify its existence.
When, in the last few minutes, Cuthbert finally slipped her bonds and began looking for her tormentors, I knew exactly how she felt.
Fulfills its modest ambitions by delivering a glib slasher spoof for the mall crowd.
The direct-to-video sequel to a direct-to-video sequel; ah, the '80s!
Had it come out last October as originally scheduled, head-to-head with Sinister, it would have been a mistake. As it is, it's a perfectly acceptable slice of January horror.
Red State feels cynical and unresolved, and that's about right, given the thorny areas Smith is wading into.
Creature has no merits to speak of but I am comforted by my ability to overcome my disorientation long enough to recognize how lacking Creature is.
as cheap and cheesy as its brethren, but oddly boring for long stretches
The finale's jarring about-face is a stretch to accept within this carefully-constructed world and contradicts much of "The Boy" while coming close to invalidating it.
The found-footage approach is often criticized, but I love it when it's used well and reasonably. In The Devil's Doorway, the conceit is effective and smart.
If you feel in the need for a generic teen horror film, there is no reason to choose this one over any of the others.
You can tell Lawrence knows she's in a lost cause. Her performance is often rendered in one disinterested facial expression.
The movie takes a premise that might have served as the basis of a weepy romantic drama and turns it into something very different, but no less insulting.
28 Days Later is either perfectly timed or unfortunately so, but is chilling in either case.
One for hard-core gore-hounds.
I kept hoping a power outage would hit their neighborhood, or some sort of natural disaster. Aren't the movies supposed to be a break from being online all the time?
Tourists vs. flesh-eating vines; guess who wins?
The Creature is on target, but the rest of the film is so frantic, so manic, it doesn't pause to be sure its effects are registered.
"The Witch" isn't merely a throwback to a different time, but to a bygone cinematic age wherein the horror genre was not about jump scares but about a more lastingly shuddersome, thematically juicy potency.
A powerful variation on the multi-story film. SOUTHBOUND is five horrific stories, each of which fades into the next.
Donald Pleasence is given free rein to pretty much play Calhoun as he pleases, and if the portrayal is somewhat fanciful, it's also incredibly engaging.
Unfriended uses everyday audio and visual screen iconography, which take on a whole new chilling dimension and whacks up suspense levels tenfold.
It's shocky and schlocky, a psychological horror - a real estate nightmare!
Paxton scores a double victory with Frailty, establishing a surprisingly subtle but unsettling tone as both director and actor.
A tightly-edited, claustrophobically-framed horror film that retains, along with its relevance, its ability to startle and appall.
He lays the photos out on the floor and the burn marks form a cross with a hook at the bottom, the unmistakable emblem of '70s hard rockers Blue Oyster Cult. Hey, didn't they have a big hit called "(Don't Fear) the Reaping"?
As a horror-comedy hybrid it brings some funny but not a whole lot of fear; in other words, it's very much like the original.
More appropriate for hard-core gore fans than general audiences.
Undoubtedly the nadir of the Elm Street series...
full review in Greek
A fascinating and creepy experience that will have you praying you never know what sleep paralysis feels like.
[Its] cynical hedging of its psychological/supernatural bets seems mostly designed to breed sequels.
Cube is one of those rare films that make you itch uncomfortably on the inside.
Walks a fine line between wry pop culture commentary and genuine terror, the cast is great and - perhaps most important of all - it leaves you wanting more.
Between uninspired acting and an almost insultingly underdeveloped script, Wormface and company fail to caputre any originality or creativity
The Dark is a horror movie that tries something unusual, and in a lot of ways, commendable: it engenders a surprising amount of empathy for its monster and has as much to say about friendship and loyalty as it does cruelty and evil.
Lights Out may be a quick, simple, and slightly familiar piece of PG-13-level horror, but it's also a well-made and unexpectedly engaging thriller as well -- with an ending that's sure to generate at least a small amount of debate among horror fans.
These movies need new toys to play with.
The teen-friendly rating may be good for business, but it saps the film of much of its power to shock. Take away the shock and there's not much left to work with.
I don't think there's such a thing as a vegetarian zombie. Or a vegan zombie. Or a fruitarian zombie.
Scream was snarky, insightful, and sorta cool. Scream 4 is a aging hypocrite with delusions of insight.
needlessly revolting
This story was first told, much better, in 1980 - a real B-movie stunner.
The Hole in the Ground is psychologically unsettling and shows that single parenting is more terrifying than any monster.
This may not be as scary or cohesive as its predecessor, but the kill films retain their power to shock and Ransone and Sossamon make for a very watchable lead pairing.
An engaging and worthwhile new take on De Palma's blood-soaked classic.
"Cabin Fever" will get under your skin.
As a feature helmsman, [Beck's] brought us Thirteen Ghosts ... and Ghost Ship, both of which are absolutely atrocious films for any number of reasons.
And I thought it was men who never ask for directions.
Small-scale horror to be sure, but not one you should cold shoulder.
It works hard, and the first half hour is textbook creepy, but the oldschool grab-bag of shocks struggles to jolt a dour script to life.
That said, it's still a lot of fun and the film combines some impressively gory set-pieces with smartly-written characters and some hilarious lines
A film for people who might call Stalker their favorite movie of all time if only it were more opaque. So, you know, a little audience, but a passionate one.
A richly drawn, ambitious character piece both socially relevant and genuinely suspenseful... This is filmmaking both gorgeous and deeply unsettling.
While there's something to be said for 'so-bad-it's-good' coolness, mixing in a few actual scares would've been a good idea.
By resisting the urge to up the action to any significant degree, the sequel simultaneously plays it bold and safe, unusual and familiar.
For all of its faults (underdeveloped characters and an ending that flirts with the ridiculous) it manages to squeeze more movie into its 64 minutes than many do in 90 or more
The Woman In Black 2: Angel Of Death is a profoundly frightening, relentlessly spooky film that wears how old-fashioned and traditional it is as a badge of honour.
A loathsome, repugnant slasher/thriller
The dull, cliche-filled Mama is the kind of movie in which you don't fear the demon in the main character's bed, only envy that she gets to lay down.
Armed Response has all the hallmarks of a film that was never fully thought through, and was made on a whim once some rogue investors misguidedly threw some money at the project.
Gore-torture-horror-ghoul fantasy from the '80s.
This stuff was tired 20 years ago.
The wickedly effective performances by the two leads turn what would otherwise be a forgettable, low-budget movie into an intriguing little tale of the macabre.
Queen of the Damned is not a good film, but it's definitely a watchable one.
The directors have come up with a new and powerful way to film a thriller: Silent House contains no quick editing in the active moments, and there is never an instance when the movie cuts unexpectedly to something scary as the soundtrack thunders.
If you are willing to forgive its flaws, you are likely to enjoy this latest chapter in THE PURGE.
Features an abundance of full frontal nudity, courtesy of Betsy Rue, who may very well have the most extended and gratuitous horror film nude scene in quite a few years.
Unusual vampire flick that works about half the time.
Later Karloff features him in name only
The Tall Man's twists and turns make for a fun time, but its attempts at provocation fail miserably. Laugier's ambitions are commendable, but they just don't succeed.
Maniac is excelled by a career-altering performance from Wood and an uncomfortable sense of realism that's vested - and maintained - throughout.
Distinguished only by its dour determination and a better-than-necessary cast.
A modest and sometimes silly but fun thriller; the killings are ingeniously crafted so that the deaths occur offscreen, which doesn't lessen their impact.
Jigsaw is an interesting character with an interesting worldview and an interesting way of carrying out his will. It's too bad the movies themselves aren't worthy of him.
Ready or Not is dark in a way that's thrilling as opposed to oppressive, a couple of narrative twists ensure the stakes stay high, it's as campy as it gets, and every performance is captivating.
This film does not have the shock value of many other horror films, which was a pleasant surprise for my taste. It is scary in the sense that this could this really happen.
Mr. Brooks capitalizes on antiseptic, fluorescent interiors, while the score, by David Buckley, nicely accents stress points.
In the end the only overwhelming feeling which Poltergeist circa 2015 conjures is a strong desire to re-watch the original.
This is the stuff that makes for truly indelible horror.
The apparition, because it's lame, spends a lot of its time tying clothes into knots, moving dressers, and opening doors.
Wonderfully shot in deep, bleak shadows, set to an aggressively moody musical score, and quick enough to get through the apocalypse in less than 90 minutes.
By now these techniques are too familiar to be truly unnerving, especially as the underlying narrative logic is never explained in any persuasive way.
Mr. Wallace clearly has a fondness for the cliches he is parodying and he does it with style.
Quality actors like Kyra Sedgwick and Jeffrey Dean Morgan try their best but are left high and dry by the hokum.
Rather than crafting a setpiece worthy of the atmosphere he's created, Harper falls back on easy, throw-the-boogens-in-the-audience's-face scares.
It doesn't take a big budget and loads of special effects to create a genuinely scary movie. It just takes - as writer/director Jeremy Saulnier ably demonstrates in Green Room - an intriguing premise, a taut, sinewy script and a solid cast.
Seoul Station is has a narrative device rich in digressions with solvent action scenes. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film is a vivid depiction of how a confrontation with the unknown can so easily shatter the fragile bonds that hold us together.
The film is an insinuating and sly frightener that showcases Franco's ability with actors, his subtle creation of suspense, and avoidance of egregious cliches that too often plague the genre.
A film that tries to give a message about the saturation of technification that is lived today, but even the message is overshadowed by a ridiculous script and loose staging. [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak is a classic case of style over substance resulting in a hollow movie experience that never fully reaches its potential.
While the story is no great shakes, it is the silliness delivered so solemnly that will really rattle you. Stay right away.
To enjoy Saw II, one must have enjoyed Saw. This is a given. As to which is better, this is a fairly pointless question given how bad both of these movies are.
The satanic bath full of black water containing unknown monstrosities becomes merely comical.
The director shows with this film his capacity of keeping up the excitement and suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
A terrifically effective little scarefest.
Think of every scary-kid horror you've seen - this was how The Unborn was made.
Though it gets a bit ragged late on, Scary Stories is pretty satisfying for the most part: meanwhile, in the background, the real horror story is unfolding - Richard Nixon is being re-elected.
[Truth or Dare] swings between the predictable and the ridiculous.
One of the most well-rounded films of Aja's career. [Full Review in Spanish]
A darn good hunk of pop moviemaking.
Pure exploitation, ineptly made, and completely repulsive.
A movie that wants to be funny-scary and is satisfied with just funny.
There's no evidence of craftsmanship or energy. Everything, from the plot to the execution, is plodding and obligatory.
The Cabin in the Woods is continually smart, funny and surprising, reflecting horror films back at themselves in new and exciting ways.
Alongside the shock tactics, Kenan's Poltergeist also works well as a study of a squeezed middle-class American family struggling to survive in a punishing economic climate.
The awe-inspiring mountain vistas serve to ratchet up the claustrophobic intensity against the characters' blithe, even foolish, attitudes.
Unborn should have been strangled at birth.
Burton has made a wonderful monster movie from a script that doesn't understand this is a monster movie.
Likewise, the movie seems restrained by its budget, which is unfortunate because the imagination it shows its promising. It's only in materially realizing itself where it falls short.
Campy, cult=y and infested with dark humor.
Whereas other movies focus on ghosts, Curtis's film uses the house as the ghost, the monster, and the creature.
In the end, like a lot of genre movies, this one pulls from different inspirations, and so weighs in, by turns, as overly predictable and satisfyingly recognizable (part of genre cinema's one-two punch).
The final half hour of Suspiria suggests there's a brash, mad movie buried somewhere under all this pretense, one that could have rivaled Mandy for most-[crazy]-fun movie of the year.
Green manages something that is both a tribute to and an evolution of the 1978 classic, with moments designed to create resonances that are not just re-enactment but part of his bigger theme of trauma-causing scars.
One of the rare films that actually lives up to, and is deserving of, its considerable hype.
In an era of resurgent zombie-flick creativity (28 Days Later, Dawn of the Dead), this leaden mindlessness is nothing short of pathetic.
Actor Dave Franco makes a strong directorial debut with The Rental. The concept of the film might not be wholly original, but Franco litters the film with enough well played characterisation and tense moments to make it well worth your time.
Goosebumps is the cinematic equivalent of an R.L. Stine page-turner, keeping all audiences entranced with a friendly balance of minimal haunts and heartfelt comedy.
Wickedly entertaining, and disturbing in all the right ways.
For at least some of the revamp's duration, smart ideas and schlock horror combine to entertaining effect. There are lots of new, interesting angles here.
If it's not great V/H/S/2 is still a vast improvement over the first; brutal and efficient and immensely entertaining.
You might be left cold at the end of Stake Land when the question of what this particular variant is going to do differently is answered with a half-hearted shrug.
Not only is it genuinely scary, it's also outrageously funny. And for once, it's intentional.
Scanners, for the most part, is unable to distinguish itself from other similarly-themed horror thrillers...
Fun, eerie 1946 wolfman thriller...with a lady wolf!
A bland B-movie that begs the question: How did this get made when so many good films never escape development purgatory?
Wheatley is clearly a clever craftsman, but by delving into Wicker Man territory for the film's terrifying denouement, he ends up sacrificing narrative depth for atmosphere.
math doesn't mean much in Texas Chainsaw, nor does logic, for that matter, or anything resembling originality or daring
It's fun to root for the one who says "Boo!" rather than the screaming ciphers for whom we are usually asked to cheer.
"Bereavement" is cruel and unusual.
Good acting can't forgive bad effects or narrative choices, and yes, there are a lot of those.
[Plays] like one more piece of multiplex in-box clutter, ready for the circular file in our moviegoing consciousness.
Unfortunately, the film stumbles, offering too few legitimate scares and displaying an overreliance on traditional horror movie clichés.
Even if the horror elements don't always score, Shadow remains a non-stop, over-the-top, exploitive hoot.
McKee's oblique storytelling and Sean Spillane's mournful music add unusual textures to an otherwise savage attack on patriarchy.
It's tough to be terrified by [Schaech's] absurdly methodical pursuit of Donna's friends, who he has no reason to kill besides maybe coveting their seats at the lunch table.
A twistily clever psychothriller which affirms life's value even as it sends all hope down the drain.
[The] focus on effects and action comes at the expense of creating engaging characters and meaningful situations.
Picking up where the first film ended, writer-director Roth adds two angles to his formula, but neither is enough to make this grisly film worth watching.
If his performance were contained in some other film, a so-called 'serious' movie about religion and politics, for example, Michael Parks would be discussed as an Academy Awards contender.
Los detractores de Shyamalan podrán encontrar de qué quejarse, pero indudablemente Los huéspedes marca parcialmente su regreso como un narrador con buenas historias que contar.
The Innkeepers is an eerie, haunting and sometimes funny ghostly chiller that's bound to win over those with a taste for classic nail-biting horror.
The first half is terrifying -- or was when I was younger. The second half has a bad special effect spider.
It's a darkly amusing, manipulative film that's still compelling in its vision of human desperation.
Delivers Hitchcock levels of tension, suspense and outright terror, and it's just a brilliant direction to go with the character.
Build some robots, haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show, and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year.
A solid addition to the deathless horror franchise.
[Blaire's] atrocious spelling and grammar will no doubt annoy purists, but speaks to how srsly stressed she is. And something as simple as a pointer hesitating or pacing between two windows provides its own window into her motivation.
This series went to crap faster than Freddy Krueger's.
What it lacks in studio-level finesse it more than makes up for with unrelenting imagination and a creepily visceral punch.
This movie doesn't make a lick of sense.
It's Olsen's performance that makes Sarah's plight matter. And the actress proves that her mesmerizing turn in last fall's Martha Marcy May Marlene -- about a woman on the lam from a cult -- wasn't a fluke.
For the love of Chucky, avoid this insipid attempt at reviving the killer doll horror.
Sergio G. Sánchez struggles to locate the frights, with underwritten characters draining his shocks of their emotional payoff.
Quirky horror on no budget.
Twilight will doubtless thrill fans of the books, who have long waited for its release. And while it's not a failure, everyone else will wish that the film had, if you'll excuse the expression, a little more bite.
Carpenter's classic concerning killer cars.
Unfortunately, Blair Witch is far from being an antidote to rampant special effects over-dependence.
As far as British horror goes right now, Kill List is pretty much top of the range.
Blood will always be the funniest bodily fluid, and its capacity for comic shock is what might make the film an eventual midnight classic.
This franchise nails something that most horror films overlook -- the anticipation of the scare.
very possibly no other seminal seventies film--not The Godfather, not Star Wars, perhaps not even Jaws--has had a greater influence on popular culture.
For a horror release in January, Last Key packs enough fun and scary moments - keep an eye out for the suitcase sequence - to keep audiences engaged.
If Lord Byron had been the love child of James Van Der Beek and Jack Elam and shopped at Hot Topic, he'd have looked a lot like Edward.
It stimulates and rewards, time and time again.
Even with effective atmosphere, a couple of jump scares and a spooky premise, Apollo 18 simply falls apart in the end.
When the film gets a little lost in its own pursuit, the technical aspect raises it to a more than enjoyable level. [Full review in Spanish]
This new vision is produced by Roth, but the stamp of approval isn't a guarantee of quality.
There really is no reason to see this film at all. Not even some of the cool, creepy imagery saves it.
At the very least, with Saw II, you get what you pay for.
The changes the filmmakers made to this franchise have unpleasant consequences, which dramatically reduce the film's entertainment value, and arguably rob these iconic puppets of the very characteristics that made them special.
The film mostly functions as a tour of familiar horror tropes for much of its running time.
I didn't care if any of these characters lived or died.
[S]o dull that you may be tempted to slip the projectionist 50 bucks to turn on the house lights and see what happens to the vampire cast.
Scream 4 has the perfect opening and then slowly declines to a slightly above average slasher flick. It could have used more scares and less self-aware satire shtick.
H20 is compelling, due in large part to an outstanding, mature performance by Jamie Lee Curtis, returning to the series for the first time since Halloween II.
A slasher film with a sardonic twist, "The Girl in the Photographs" doesn't quite revive an etiolated genre, but it does have its moments.
While he's been writing screenplays, Color Out of Space is the first film Stanley has directed since 2013, and guess what? It's fabulously strange, creepy and, yes, colorful for so many reasons.
Peele delivers without Key.
Hides a few small joys for monster-movie fanatics looking for a throwback thrill.
The Ghost Dimension isn't so much scary as it is aggressive, constantly assaulting viewers with sudden monsters and loud noises.
In the line of John Carpenter cinema, this Canadian horror film surpasses the average of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
Lights Out is a thriller that gets the job done.
The Roommate is Single White Female for the CW set, but even more so, it's a naked depiction of beauty as the key to attaining everything, and thus something to be coveted with murderous tenacity.
Rather than gore, Wan goes for a more old-fashioned, character-based movie here, and, as a result, a treasure trove of typical haunting tricks seems fresh and terrifying once again.
A horror movie with an anti-globalist bent that's more interesting than its halfhearted scares.
Brolin and Kidder carry the film, their conviction encouraging you to believe even if you don't.
Michael Moore would have a field day with this latest installment, where the writers tackle the health care system with Jigsaw as an answer.
Elba, eyes narrowed, brow furrowed, delivers a one-note performance of weary stoicism, while McConaughey fails to embody evil incarnate, though he does at least display the odd flash of malevolent wit.
This is one smart film from someone with a singular voice who knows their craft.
Rare is it that one of the classic tales from the golden age gets a solid re-imagining, but this is one of those times. It's a more intimate story rather than madman wanting to rule the world, and it [mostly] works.
The visual delights of horror filmmaking are all extremely well realized by the low-key, modulated lighting of Spanish Cinematographer Javier Aguirresarobe, displaying mastery of his medium in a setting and story that amply provide the opportunities.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo re-creates the gritty and spastic look of Days while brilliantly utilizing dark space and shadow to enhance the terror.
As bland as its uninspired title.
By the time The Howling finally gets howling, it's pretty much over.
"The Conjuring 2" satisfies more than it disappoints.
An easy recommendation for genre fans, especially those who like it bleak.
It doesn't shy away from supernatural horror or the political kind, and that duality is what elevates the film from kiddo popcorn fare to something with legs.
When a thriller starring two-time Oscar-winner Hilary Swank sits on the shelf for a year, it's usually because it's cinematic rubbish.
New Moon was fully satisfying for the fans. I just happen to not be a fan.
This is The Road meets Testament by way of The Devil's Rejects, in the best possible way: a brutal, elegiac take on how a post-apocalyptic America might look and feel.
I'd say that as a whole this was a successful project by Eli Roth. There are obviously aspects of the film that did not work within the context of the story.
Pet Sematary checks off a lot of Stephen King staples but is never anywhere near scary enough or entertaining as it should be.
Perhaps it's because rats and their like don't have that sort of effect on me, but I found little of the film to be spooky, let alone frightening.
Peele's examination of the subtle racism amongst liberal white people is unforgettable, evoking classic horror while carving out a new territory wholly his own.
The worst part about this movie is that, even though it's impossible to piece everything together logically, it's easy to see where it's going because there's nothing new here. There's a sameness to all these Japanese-turned-American retreads.
Often, fanboys offended by an unsolicited remake of an adored film say "Why don't they remake a bad movie?" Well, they have remade a bad movie, and the result is a worse movie.
Wearisome and stupid and not nearly scary enough.
Leprechaun Returns mixes red blood and green goo with exquisitely gory results, but Steven Kostanski's command of over-the-top deaths isn't enough to distract from the film's flat-footed storytelling jig.
Expect nothing more than John Landis going nuts in a hospital and you'll have a proper fun watch.
Tetsuo and Fetishist's transformation into Iron Man becomes a response to the machinization of the individual in a systematically regimented Japan.
Ellison's fascination with celluloid to solve a crime recalls Antonioni's Blowup, but Scott Derrickson is unable to conjure an aura that isn't as transparent and weightless as a ghost.
Another entry in violent, played-out sci-fi series.
Writer/director Colm McCarthy's vision seems to have been lost in the midst of entrails, muddled mythology and incomplete plot points.
Overall, it's a good film, but not great. It has a few great scenes peppered throughout and a couple of scares, so it works okay.
A creepy, slick and initially provocative sci-fi thriller that eventually loses steam once its surprises, cleverness and imagination wane midway.
A twisted, squirm-inducingly nasty bit of work.
Wickedly original, The Neon Demon finds Nicolas Winding Refn at his divisive and provocative best, as he toys, disturbs and, even, infuriates his audience, all with a knowing wink.
the proliferation of similarly framed horror movies makes this one feel all the more derivative and overly familiar
Maybe they should pay more attention to Damien's sketch of his babysitter hanging herself instead of freaking out when he makes a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Un ensemble de films extrêmement intéressant à explorer, mais chacun pour des raisons bien distinctes.
Hostel is more artfully horrific than the usual gore flick, and more truly scary. It's a small classic of its awful kind.
... muted horror entry punctuated by explosions of graphic violence ... veers from Ingmar Bergman arty to De Palma trippy ... will be interesting to see which path Cresciman takes from here.
Hey, it's "Fatal Attraction Lite."
There's not much to Mum & Dad, besides what needs to be there to achieve grisly effectiveness. What is most disturbing about it is the way that it captures and distorts the very dynamics that exist in any family.
...a case of half-hearted ambition, if there is such a thing. Kelly fails, but the problem is he doesn't fail big enough.
[Robin] Aubert has made an elegant horror film... [Full Review in Spanish]
Delivers the clean, simple jolts and scares the series is known for.
A truly vicious, gruesome and utterly ludicrous movie that exists only to make us jump in our seats.
You may laugh at the dramatics but you'll be afraid to turn the light off when you go to bed.
Neil Marshall's latest film delivers both ends of the fear spectrum... at the same time.
Sony may not give a crap about Quarantine 2, but I wouldn't be surprised if the horror fans dig it well enough.
It's like a full-length episode of Boris Karloff's Thriller TV series, very stylishly done.
The worst kind of horror film.
[Samara] Weaving projects just enough steely resolve to make viewers believe she could survive an armed standoff with no weapons of her own.
the psychological divide between the mundane and the otherworldly, the key element in the original's effective creepiness, is lost
By the time the kamikaze crows start dive-bombing the church windows, and the shape-shifting demon appears in a hoody and a Venetian carnival mask, the whole thing has degenerated into a mumbo jumbo gumbo.
People being pranked by some supernatural agency for about 75 minutes. For the last 10 minutes, said agency gets down to doing more than ringing the doorbell and running.
Don't watch this film and expect an authoritative critical analysis of the film; watch it and explore the distorting, drug-like pull that some art can exert on its audience.
In effect, Rabid feels like the film which the Soskas shoulda-woulda-coulda made right after American Mary.
One of the landmark sci-fi efforts of the 1950s
Bloody entertaining.
Call it trashy, dumb, insensitive, and whatever else you want, but there's no denying it's bold, ruthless, and genuinely has more on its mind than terrorizing teenagers even if it all doesn't quite come together
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to take three human beings and sew them all together via their digestive tracts? Wonder no longer!
The performances and characterizations add heft, and the very Russian vibe of soulful heaviness sets it apart from its American cousins.
While this latest effort is lively as it goes through the motions of linking the denouement to a secret from the past of Sidney's mother, there isn't an atom of urgency in it.
much more than just a horror film, it is an exploration of the relationship between humankind and God
"The Lodgers" is never particularly scary, or even logical, but it's always gorgeous to look at; you can see where it's going, but you might not mind watching it go there.
Friedkin here seems strangely determined to squander his talent; lots of wasted opportunities.
The closing act is more akin to a white-knuckly ride on a particularly ferocious ghost train than a traditional horror movie.
Loud, noisy, flashy but too rarely chilling.
Before seeing Sorority Row, I couldn't imagine that any slasher film released this year could possibly be more misogynistic than either the Friday the 13th reboot or Donkey Punch.
Proyas assembles his inspirations into a unique amalgam with the power of myth to tap the fears and desires of our collective unconscious. [Blu-Ray]
Comparisons to The Changeling and The Omen may well be inescapable, but The Hole in the Ground still manages to carve out a comfortable space for itself
Over the course of the film, many funny, gory and silly -- but not particularly horrifying -- events occur.
A perfect movie for pre-teen and early teen girls but a letdown for the rest of the audience due to its slow pace and whiny tone
My advice? Enter your own dream state, and surrender your brain.
Annabelle Comes Home is rather charmingly geared towards a younger crowd that might be looking for something a step beyond their Goosebumps books and movies.
A film of two halves, then, and though I'm not convinced it all fits together perfectly, the latter part's move into all-out horror is entertaining in itself.
Puts a DIY spin on the haunted house genre, with an energetic and darkly comic style that evokes a weird alternate reality in which Sam Raimi directed The Money Pit.
Wildling is a solid debut feature for Böhm and features a magnetic performance from Bel Powley as well as some excellent creature and gore effects.
One of the pioneers of exploitation horror, complete with nudity, gore, hilariously absurd dialogue, and silly creature effects.
Yet another reason to think twice before thumbing a ride, kids.
The very Thai-specific charms that made the original such an unforeseen, unpredictable delight when I first saw it are almost entirely absent here.
While utterly nihilistic in its attempts to disorient the audience, the directors keep "[REC]" a consistently terrifying experience with some of the most gruesome deaths filmed...
Darned if this one isn't good, clammy fun!
[Has] a sense of place matched by literally no other slasher film I have seen.
The CGI wolf would have been rubbish a decade ago, the clearly indoor village set looks like it once featured in an old episode of Star Trek and the central love story is lacking in bite.
This journey into a terrifying haunted house is one of metaphysics, exploring how disbelief, in many forms, can work against oneself.
A gruesome blast of psychological horror that is so giddily pumped up with nasty hormones, you can't help but dissolve into laughter at the same time as you are hiding your eyes.
Eureka
A film which looks great but, in the end, is not the sum of its body parts.
While we all know modeling and high fashion are hard industries with lots of backstabbing and manipulation, Refn's take is more surreal and unnerving.
Weak plot, half-assed performances and lacking any originality make this a lame and uninspired film.
Event Horizon is a bloody mess, rife with powerhouse effects, but not much else.
"Nurse" is more curiosity than home run, but it is a safe bet that no one will ever be able to accuse it of being boring.
This psychological horror-thriller will haunts you long after it's over.
If there's a single dead-wrong instinct in this movie that isn't pursued with the blind determination of an amorous terrier during high-scent season, darned if I can remember it.
McGregor successfully opts for a slow burn, skin crawling pace that breathtakingly differs from modern horror convention.
The DePalma is about Sue and Kris, the Peirce is about Carrie herself--and therein lies all the difference.
The Dark Tower is not, in fact, the worst. It's pretty bad, but it's also impossible to hate a movie that has Idris Elba dressed like Wyatt Earp.
For all its shallowness as a work of cultural criticism, [it's] an awful lot of fun to watch.
For the zombie connoisseur, it's a treasure of invention and all-around solid filmmaking.
It might not be easy to find some films at every multiplex, but in F's case, it's certainly worth the effort.
It is without a doubt one of the bleakest, most depressing American genre films of all time.
Occasionally frightful, frequently funny, and fearlessly enjoyable even when it's overly bogged down with exposition.
One of the most nightmarish films ever made, and one that's still hard to laugh off today.
The only thing about this movie that really made me shudder is that we are probably going to be deluged with a bunch of crappy sequels for it.
... a fairly fun cannibal movie even though it feels like it takes forever to get going and to the point. It attempts to have a message, but does it really need one?
To consume to be consumed, to destroy to create, to turn the screen into a canvas dotted with something that can only be considered as an indelible masterpiece. [Full review in Spanish]
Tone, flow and chemistry... those are the three things that didn't really mesh.
Preservation ultimately falls prey to a screenplay that grows more and more idiotic as time progresses.
The original "Chain Saw Massacre" spoke, in unsettling terms, to middle America's growing contempt for the '60s counter-culture, but no deeper meaning can be ascribed to this mayhem. It's just a joyless technical exercise.
Ultimately becomes little more than a series of derivative, predictable genre conventions without the necessary skill to back them up.
We don't want logic or complex characterizations in a horror flick - we want to see violent death and dismemberment on the most in-ventive and disgusting scale imaginable, right? On its own terms - elusive as they might be - 'Final Destination 2' delivers
At last finds the great Romero with nothing new to say about zombies.
The freewheeling spirit that infused The Evil Dead is absent here.
It evokes the original and takes into consideration how audiences have changed since then, which is a minor miracle, I suppose, and it is light years better than the nine films in between.
It's a misleadingly foreboding, cheaply scary and remarkably stupid thriller.
At one point, Langella's box gets described as "a device of unknown purpose," but that could easily describe this overstuffed and inert torrent of vaguely sciencey gobbledygook.
Yet another in the seemingly endless parade of low-budget, "found footage" horror movies, this one feels like it was rushed into production without a chance to develop a strong story or characters.
An equally effective, deliciously disturbing movie.
Although 1408 lacks the dramatic power of either Misery or The Shining, John Cusack's riveting performance rivals that of James Caan and Jack Nicholson.
It's like watching a recording of someone else playing a video game. You have no control and you have nothing invested in the characters or the outcome.
The film succumbs to the plague of clichés -- things suddenly leaping into the frame, screeching sound effects, and a gag that must have been old by the time Moses hit puberty: Look at this freaky stuff! Oh, it's only a dream.
In spite of shuffling a markedly more comic cut, the tension does not suffer for it, and the horror behind Peele's ideas is highly evocative. [Full Review in Spanish]
The special effects are great, the atmosphere is super, and the drama is intelligent. There is also plenty of gore.
"The VVitch" succeeds by delivering up encroaching menace with a mysterious disregard for audience expectations.
The film is pleasantly enjoyable throughout, combining likeable characters with knowing gags and lively set pieces.
Quarantine is a one-note nightmare.
You probably won't want to see "Raw" again anytime soon, but Ducournau's next cinematic smorgasbord can't come soon enough.
From director Levan Gabriadze and writer Nelson Greaves comes a truly striking 21st century thriller.
A tour-de-farce of depressing inanity, that's unable to do anything more than offer a messy, incoherent pastiche of other, better movies.
The film's most aggravating trait is its scare technique... which is more like listening to a noisy neighbor than being scared.
...is supposed to jar you, but here's the funny thing about 90 minutes of bludgeoning and bloodletting: It usually just leaves me numb.
[Elizabeth] Moss... is superb and convincing as a woman suffering from psychological anguish.
Para compensar a falta de um roteiro, Victor Salva repete cada capotagem ou explosão várias vezes, de ângulos diferentes. É como ver inúmeros replays em uma partida sem gols.
it's hard to tell if this new installment is a mere cash grab or the result of some manner of delusion
It's an outstanding example of the horror/suspense genre, made with a refreshing approach. But it contains elements so creaky and pathetic you want to scream.
As a film by Polanski, it's unspeakably disappointing.
James Wan's constant camera movement, inventive blocking, and deliberate-yet-assured pacing add freshness to a film that would otherwise come across as self-indulgent nostalgia porn.
This lamely scripted sequel based on the popular video game begins where the tense, gruesome original ended but is quite inferior.
As distinguished as it is disarming, IT Chapter Two could very well be the ultimate adaptation of a Stephen King novel.
This is a pulp classic with good reason.
Jigsaw is an interesting character with an interesting worldview and an interesting way of carrying out his will. It's too bad the movies themselves aren't worthy of him.
The actors do what they can in a film that doesn't care about human insights. The characters are almost preternatural in their detachment; if you were embedded in events like these, wouldn't you be paralyzed with panic?
Peele has much to say about society and race with an inventive approach that blends chills with a dash of humor.
Whereas The Matrix's visuals were almost always in service of the story, the images here are merely trailer-fodder to draw in ticket buyers.
The supporting characters, in fact, are the most enjoyable part of the film, often more enjoyable than Connelly or Gade, each taking great advantage of their scenes to create real people in a short space of time.
[Blu-ray Review] Lacking in scares and suspense, the picture throttles its audience with visual effects and evocative imagery, but never gets to the heart of the characters.
The movie invigorates the genre, which is a rare and welcome thing.
This is one of those rare remakes that remains faithful to the premise of the original but does something unique with the concept.
Almost entirely devoid of the outright thrills associated with the genre, while managing to be one of the creepiest, most unsettling movies you're ever likely to see.
Proceedings switch from quietly creepy to loudly exasperating as relationship woes replace scares, the early promise proving a largely empty threat.
Truly, the movie doesn't gain a lot from being set to music; after about half an hour it starts to feel like a gimmick.
The privileged protagonists of "Truth or Dare" are neither interesting nor likable. They don't even seem worthy of the academic degrees they're getting.
If its muscles are flexed, we can expect three more of these movies. Hopefully, like the Harry Potter films, they'll get better as they go along.
Issues arise with the script's reliance on coincidences and unlikely decisions, but if you're willing to bear with that, this is a great example of how to make an effective film with scant resources - and a film that has something to say.
What works best is the assemblage of unnerving playthings scattered around the musty estate, just waiting for unwitting victims to cross their paths.
The footage is passed in a sigh. And it's forgotten as quickly. [Full Review in Spanish]
Where David Marmor's film works best is with its twisty narrative and thematic underpinnings. 1BR is a constantly shifting nightmare that surprises at every turn
... the real special effects here are Townsend and Perez, who are decidedly unconventional and whose lively scenes together come with a homoerotic campiness that seems straight out of The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
The other Scream films were also tricky and convoluted, but I don't remember them playing like the WB version of Murder, She Wrote, as Scream 3 too often does.
It might not spawn a new series of masked killer movies, but it certainly shows its adoration for them throughout the movie. It also has a beat, and you can dance to it.
Mitchell's deft handling of relationships gets threaded into an ingenious and exceedingly skillful creepshow.
A bad film badly written, badly performed, badly scored, and most of all, badly directed, Saw's a mess, a waste of flesh. And I don't mean that in a good way.
What begins as a masterfully crafted creature feature ultimately falls flat on its face knocking out all of its teeth.
...the novel premise and Jovovich's strong performance almost manage to compensate for the pervasively uneven atmosphere.
If anyone tells you Antebellum is like Get Out (and they will because it's the laziest comparison to make), tell them to get out of the Sunken Place before recommending any more movies.
With Shutter, that nerve-tingling soundtrack gets heavy use almost from the beginning of the movie. It becomes tiresome.
It's a blood-red affair thrown together in a dash, a little number that will ultimately get the same kind of treatment from audiences as it did from those who made it: something you might cue up in the DVD player on a whim and forget just as easily.
While Blair Witch does have a few moments of tension and dread, it simply doesn't recapture the once-in-a-lifetime terror that made the original film so unforgettable.
On the strength of a grippingly original concept and 90 strong minutes of building action, Saw gets a recommendation, but only if you like this kind of thing.
Leave it to the French to make Suspiria look like a '30s drawing-room comedy.
As before, it's Cushing who handles the lion's share of the dialogue as the human protagonist while the more physically imposing Lee plays the part of the monster.
Brutal? Funny? Clever? You get the feeling that maybe, just maybe, Randy would have approved after all.
In its best moments the film offers an entertaining throwback to the Seventies heyday of John Carpenter and David Cronenberg, when a creepy situation could be just as effective as a burst of stomach-churning special effects.
It is very derivative -- but it has been made with diabolical amounts of energy.
Without an original or fresh bone in its body, The Curse Of La Llorona smacks of unelevated horror for the very easily scared, not to mention pleased.
The structured anxieties and tampering of normality, gives 'Us' its distinctive realm of descriptive cynicism and shock. Fittingly, Peele's pet project brings a whole new definition to courting face-to-face double trouble.
Midsommar is far from perfect and isn't even the most twisted film of the year ... but there's something about [writer/director Ari] Aster allowing so much misery to take place in broad daylight that makes his film tough to behold.
A tense storyline and a well-realised performance from Berry make Gothika a nice addition, but there's nothing that stands-out to make it anything more.
painfully predictable
A grab-bag of clever, diverse frights.
If the waking scream of an ending doesn't shred your ganglia you may have no functioning nervous system.
Elisabeth Moss delivers a gritty, yet commanding performance worthy of big notice. Though the film is The Invisible Man, Moss makes this movie what it is, an excellent anxiety-ridden thrill ride.
An instantly memorable, at times squirm-inducing, assemblage as likely to take your breath away as it is to trigger the gag reflex.
This symbolic sequel to [the directors'] previous film, Resolution... is even more exciting and mature than their previous work. [Full review in Spanish]
This film could easily be the Springtime for Hitler of horror movies.
Maybe if it didn't take its time crawling to the exciting segments, Crawl would be easier to recommend
Stop me if you've heard this one before. A priest, a nun and a village idiot walk into a haunted monastery...
For all its flaws, by injecting the sinister into something we are all familiar with, Unfriended manages to deliver a uniquely unnerving tone in a surprisingly traditional way.
The Boy is wooden, lifeless, and blankly unterrifying - and no, I'm not describing the doll. I'm talking about the actual movie.
I'll admit I had my doubts, but Scream 4 is a lot of fun.
Instead of attempting to create a unique thriller, the filmmakers chose to make a typical one with bland characters and lackluster twists.
Though stylistically and visually beautiful, "The Neon Demon" is immensely slow paced and is full of intense and on-the-nose symbolism that doesn't strike a real chord.
No funciona como filme de terror (sua inteno original), mas torna-se interessante graas  curiosa atuao de Glover e  fotografia sombria. E Ermey  sempre fascinante.
Updated in sleek, visually intoxicating, but rather meaningless fashion.
The movie isn't without style, but the material can't remotely sustain 100 minutes.
The story might feel a little one-note at times, but Gwen is an atmospherically rich - and starkly beautiful - tale of anguish.
With a refined taste in film and a highly critical lens on his own acting work, Franco's script is well-planned, and the supplemental elements are highly refined. He shows great promise as a director.
It pulled the rug out from under me. I left surprised and smiling.
Splice is a hybrid that works. It's a smart, slickly paced, well-acted science-fiction cautionary tale-horror movie-psychological drama.
Shame on whoever thought of this. [Full review in Spanish].
Good enough for plonking the kids in front of the telly while you do the ironing, but not much more.
The final act of House at the End of the Street makes almost no sense in the moment and even less in retrospect.
A guy on a motorcycle careening through a cinema, wielding a katana blade and lopping off heads to the sound of 'Killers on the Attack.' It doesn't get any better than this.
Classic title that the film doesn't live up to.
Aside from a couple of missteps, the film is endlessly imaginative and, as suits its title, showcases a vibrant visual palette.
The good news: it is easily a step up from the worthless, dirge-worthy likes of Saw IV and Saw V. The not-so-good news, then, is that the film is still unnecessary and convoluted, the series having long since run out of steam and freshness.
This chilling and intense coming-of-age horror exerts a powerful grip. Even if you're not especially faint-of-stomach, you'll re-think going out for steak afterwards.
Features a compelling plot and some stylish individual moments of tension during the thunderous climax, but its energy is sapped and forward momentum severely lacking. One patiently waits for it to take off, and it never fully does.
An enjoyable thriller that stalks the multi-layered aspects of grief, family dynamics, and psychological salvation with a haunting accuracy.
The director, James Mangold, and the writer, Michael Cooney, play fair, sort of, and once you understand their thinking you can trace back through the movie and see that they never cheated, exactly.
In the final act, an undercooked thriller plot threatens to take over, but is held in check to offer a more resonant kick
It certainly sets the skin a-crawl, I'll give it that.
Director Ciarn Foy crafts a tense atmosphere with his hand-held cameras, and the doe-eyed Ransone has a self-deprecating charm, but poor underwritten So-and-So spends most of his time wandering from one jump scene to the next.
Instead of recycling the sort of artificial showmanship that usually informed most of the violence in the early horror franchises, the movie creates a convincing aesthetic.
It's hard to imagine the thought process behind a property revival so out-of-left-field yet oddly noncommittal when it comes to sinister rebranding.
The twist/reveal happens too early in the proceedings, bursting the mystery bubble and resulting in a long, drawn-out anticlimactic second-half that's disappointingly generic.
Billed as something of a horror movie, the shifting sands of its tone make it neither fish nor fowl, as Smith flirts with comedy, action and horror without carrying off any of them particularly convincingly.
It's well made, but if you've seen the original one, you've seen the best one.
In the end we crawled deep into this Spiderhole and all we found was a truly beaten dead horse.
If both good and evil characters don't behave in ways that make sense vis--vis their circumstances, any sense of terror quickly dissipates.
Ron Zombie's "re-imagining" of John Carpenter's slasher classic has made mincemeat of far better films at the box-office, so it's impossible to ignore.
More sidebar than sequel, this interesting fifth film in the found-footage fright franchise attempts to reboot (re-boo?) the series by relocating the supernatural action to a low-income but vibrant Hispanic neighborhood...
More of a TV mystery show spirit than that of a powerful feature climax.
Seven, Silence of the Lambs, Cube, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, XXX and Session Nine all played with similar themes and did so infinitely better.
One of the rare horror sequels that actually helps the movie that inspired it.
If anything, this blood-spattered, stomach-churning sequel to last year's serial-killer thriller is even more moronic, more overplotted and more convoluted.
We watch two hours of people being frightened and dismayed, and we ask ourselves... what for? If it's real, let it have happened to them. Too bad, Lutzes! If it's made up, make it more entertaining. If they can't make up their minds... why should we?
Whale brings camp humor to this immortal sequel without losing the horror or the pathos which the tale demands.
Saint has been infused with a plodding, hopelessly humorless sensibility that inevitably drains the viewer's interest and cements the movie's place as a missed opportunity of nigh epic proportions.
Proves how effective a horror flick can be when it's put together with some care, enthusiasm and ingenuity.
With a keen eye and ear to teenage/college girls' experiences, and understanding our contemporary times, Takal has made was is sure to be a cornerstone of the new generations' movie oeuvre.
On the shelf for at least two years, Jason X should have stayed there -- or at least headed straight to video during the Halloween season.
Mush.
A fun addition to the found-footage horror subgenre.
After a strong emotional start which is well acted and competently crafted, the film unfortunately falls completely apart, almost as if a switch has been flicked.
This is almost mesmerisingly bad.
I'd explain where this gator-man came from, but seriously, I still don't quite understand the evolutionary process as explained. Nor does it matter.
It's nuns amok in this bleak, deeply cliched yet effective supernatural spookster.
If Guadagnino had set out to craft a horror film that adhered to genre tropes, then it would be easy to peg Suspiria as a misfire, as there's almost nothing conventional on display here.
It is ingeniously structured in its own right, even if some of its plot twists and contortions don't entirely stack up.
It may further the brand a bit, but it's the opposite of frightening: a sludgy collection of tired jump scares, inexpertly mounted period décor -- this time we're in a too-shiny 1973 Los Angeles -- and a continued slump into generic blahness.
Quite hideous.
It personifies the definition of "popcorn entertainment" - that is, the kind of film that relishes the thrill of its many ambitious moments without seeking total transcendence.
Finally a Universal monster reboot flick worth chattin' about.
Splice is actually very sympathetic to its monster. This sympathy actually works well for the story, though it is abandoned for a messy and clichéd finale, complete with a twist you can see coming from a mile away.
Uma verdadeira aula de Cinema para aqueles que erroneamente acreditam que filmes de terror dependem apenas de efeitos visuais e altos acordes na trilha sonora.
Hardcore horror lovers will soak up the gruesome morsels.
Despite all its primal brutality, Frontier(s) is a deep, intelligent and very political movie.
A strong seventh outing that tonally fits somewhere between Child's Play and Bride of Chucky, Cult of Chucky is a lot of fun.
The scares only happen at the very end. All in all, Ghost Dimension does not really deliver the excitement that horror film fans seek.
The more Grudge films you see, the more the rules in this universe are unveiled as totally random -- to the point where you stop caring.
...an enjoyable swampy romp...
It is a beautifully unnerving film that delves psychologically into the connection of two fruitfully dark characters.
A smart, low-budget 'road thriller' that goes to some very dark places.
A perfect character design gives Chucky that fiendishly creepy edge, along with drastically changing facial features that accommodate scarier expressions.
By grounding the film in a haunted house-style horror movie and making Chucky a creepy doll again, while still maintaining the warped humor that the first three films had, it may deliver the best film in the franchise.
Its sombre sincerity and hypnotic, treasure-box beauty make Crimson Peak feel like a film out of time - but Del Toro, his cast and his crew carry it off without a single postmodern prod or smirk.
Driven by a committed Curtis, Halloween is mostly effective in the way it takes the slasher franchise back to its roots, yet builds on its foundation.
The script, direction, and performances all concoct an anxiety-riddled emotional drama in the first act before descending into traditional, relatively effective horror tropes.
Most of it is standard fright-flick fare, with almost no emphasis on the fright.
An exquisitely rendered, color-coded amplification of a Corman/Poe film of the 1960s; the characters' intense but concealed emotions find vivid expression in the elaborate design, the flayed agony of the ghosts and the infrequent but shocking violence.
Quite nearly dead on arrival.
Garai undoubtedly strikes a consistent mood of dread, amplified by Laura Bellingham's luxuriously squalid cinematography. Unfortunately, there's a lack of thematic coherence to her tale of dark magic.
Predictable. Disposable. Listless. Boring. This is not how you make great horror films.
[W]hat Unfriended: Dark Web does is just so ridiculous -- and ostensibly within our own reality -- that it unfolds like an overlong joke completely devoid of scares.
Nem mesmo os dilogos pedestres e as atuaes medianas conseguem destruir o interesse gerado por um conceito interessante, ainda que mal desenvolvido.
Elevated to more than a so-so remake by a knowing script (a dinner party revelation that the house is built on an old graveyard) and terrific performances, particularly from Rockwell who's seemingly incapable of a bad one.
Halloween brilliantly uses its widescreen frame, a lot of hand-held camerawork, and scary foreground and background action.
What's said about hiding in plain sight cannot be understated, which may be the film's scariest message of all.
It's easily the most satisfying time I've had with a franchise film in some time, and I think David Gordon Green and everyone involved have created a modern masterpiece that's just as great as Carpenter's original.
A plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists.
This is just another generic studio horror film that will only manage to frighen those that are easily spooked.
This handsomely made spook story (love those echo-prone hallways!) becomes less involving the more the narrative's mysteries are solved.
[An] engrossing yet strangely unembellished adaptation of Stephen King's bestseller by director David Cronenberg.
It's clear the film script has gone through the standard Hollywood death-of-a-thousand-rewrites wringer to emerge as shadow of its former self, drained of much of its creative synergy.
...a thoroughly unmemorable and disappointingly lazy horror endeavor.
Directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett have a lot of fun with the bloody set-pieces and moments of high tension and the cast is clearly having a brilliant time finding the humour and horror.
No, it only feels like there's been 665 previous entries.
Vacancy becomes a critique of sadistic thrillers, at the same time still serving as a crackerjack example of the genre.
As beguiling as the piecemeal world-building may be, it's just a way to disguise how straightforward and routine this tale actually is.
This prequel to a remake of the 1974 horror movie begs the question: how many chainsaw massacres can one state possibly contain?
Hardcore horror junkies will get their fix; non-addicts will enjoy a hit or two but lament not getting a sustained high.
Despite its flaws, it's a promising film with some great ideas.
Once things start to go bump in the night it all gets yawnsome.
Basically, the film didn't make much sense to me, it didn't introduce me to any characters that I cared or knew much about.
...a slightly uneven yet stirring horror effort that bodes well for the mysterious Makinov's future endeavors.
It's a tedious faux documentary, filled with schlocky sound-effects and jarring cuts, utilizing TV actors masquerading as astronauts.
A ghost of a different color turns the gurneys on a hip TV production.
...glib, well produced, and reasonably well acted, adding up to slick pop drivel.
A badly planned movie cannot go very far. This is proof. [Full review in Spanish].
It's the kind of film that appears to have been made by filmmakers who don't understand a thing about storytelling, pacing, tone, or atmosphere, which is only made all the more shocking by the fact that it was directed by the legendary John Carpenter.
Brightburn looked very interesting on paper, unfortunately, its plot holes, its flat performances and a poorly managed dramatic arc ended up giving a mediocre result, it is not terrible, but it will not be remembered either. [Full Review in Spanish]
A masterpiece of expressionistic filmmaking, a silent classic that is unfortunately deeply flawed by a maudlin second act.
By the end I found myself feeling so creeped out it was Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer all over again.
A film like this endures as entertainment because all the performances are pitched at that joyous trajectory of cartoonish excess.
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
Expect less and you will appreciate it more. The film isn't unique or even very well made. Peli only seems able to come up with HALF of a good idea throughout the film.
It has its unnerving moments, but they're outweighed by the sheer stupidity and predictability of the story.
Go see it. It's fun. See if you can spot the "homages" also known as "satirical rip-offs."
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned ...
A freakier follow-up featuring creepy kids, villains who'll keep you up at night and camerawork that puts moviegoers in a state of impending dread.
There is some genuinely scary stuff ... and if you're a lover of the weird, it's a must-see.
"The Conjuring 2," it seems, is itself possessed - by the ghosts of other, better movies.
Not a knockoff of that other quiet horror flick, though this familiar monster movie works hard to convince otherwise. But the terrific cast makes it worth a look, at least for Netflix subscribers.
An effort to spin high art out of a guilty-pleasure cult classic, it's off-the-charts bonkers. But it's also off-the-charts unpleasant.
The stars come out to play for this one.....they shouldn't have bothered
Diane is incredibly satisfying.
It is clever, funny and enjoyable, and Curtis is great living her personal Armageddon.
Us is another refreshing and well-crafted Jordan Peele horror flick, but in swapping out Get Out's clear motives for a more esoteric experience it lands on uneven territory.
A bunch of obsessives obsessing about an obsessive movie maker's obsessive movie.
By way of comparison, Soul Surfer devoted at least a dozen minutes of screen time to people reading the Bible and that was a more exciting shark attack movie than this.
Watch carefully. Katee Sackhoff's performance in Don't Knock Twice is a silent cry to find projects worthy of her.
Not quite the complete package but, as popcorn-horror goes, this is the kind to ruin bedtime for a good few nights.
Peli is to be congratulated for pulling off such an audacious project, but he needs a sharper sense of timing: The film's pacing is uneven, which weakens the suspense.
So this is what all the fuss is about?
I simply see no justification for such sacrilege. You know what scene I mean.
Extremely violent, graphic animated horror.
A perfect fusion of lo-fi but gorgeous camerawork, a searing soundtrack and pitch-perfect performances... the film demonstrates how something tender and intimate can also be terrifying and epic.
Tenta ser uma mistura de Se7en e Ringu, mas revela-se apenas uma piada de mau gosto.
The third act - a rampage through New York comprised of stop-motion, miniatures, rear projection and other layering processes - ensures that all was worthwhile.
I am thrilled beyond measure to be witness to the cinematic birth of a new, young voice in articulate, emotionally rich, cinematically rigorous horror cinema ... a mesmerising, totally compelling - and, yes, grisley - thrill ride.
Franco has made a briskly entertaining debut feature, a nice way to spend an escapist summer evening. Not from your Airbnb, though.
This Suspiria is wholly its own film and offers frantic energy and lush visuals to make for a nearly perfect cinematic experience.
The Blair Witch Project remains a welcome change from studio blockbusters, as it's more preoccupied with human behavior than with special effects.
There is no 'good' reason to revisit the story, except for the most important one: It's a really damn fine story.
You won't relate to anyone in the barmy bunch, and even Aster's ironic use of "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore," a '6os classic by the Walker Brothers, falls flat as delivered over the closing credits by Frankie Valli, of all people.
Cabin Fever is something you don't want to catch.
30 Days of Night has a striking comic-book aesthetic and macabre sense of fun - if your sense of fun includes watching a vampire turned into pâté in the gnashing metal jaws of a rubbish processor.
A bold expression that will be best enjoyed with an open mind.
Ouija (2014) was terrible, but this prequel takes off in an entirely new direction with its mesmerizingly weird compositions and rhythms and wicked humor.
In drawing out his effects, Amenabar is a little too confident that style can substitute for substance.
Good concept, mediocre execution.
[F]or those who expect more from their horror, it's an eye roll-inducer.
Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead's Spring is a clever and severely romantic creature feature that, not unlike its dim-witted bro hero, is in desperate need of a woman's touch.
"Red Riding Hood" is such a sorrowful attempt to resurrect the marketing magic of "Twilight" that it ought to be titled "Career Eclipse."
Crimson Peak gets under your skin and crawls away with abandon. It leaves you alarmed, unsettled and in a giddy state of cringe-in-your-seat squirm.
Taut and slickly directed, Devil is actually one of the more solid genre movies we've seen all year.
Things go downhill rapidly as the movie descends into horror material that is laughably grotesque yet so visually cool it remains fatally unfunny.
The movie is at its best when it's mocking - rather hilariously - the shameful condition of cinematic slashers. But it comes at a price. All that comedy and meta self-awareness totally deflates any tension.
The designer-trashy tone is well sustained -- these people brought you Mega Shark versus Giant Octopus -- as the toothy threat moves from the Amazon to the Florida Keys.
The sharks themselves are the only ones to emerge with credit from this.
There's something to be said for a chomp-em-up tale that exhibits some class, intensity, and restraint.
The Conjuring finds director James Wan improving on his previous haunted-house yarn Insidious in just about every way possible.
The headache you'll get from the first half of the flick is not worth the meager thrills you'll get from the second.
Things that go bump in the night have frightened humankind since humankind first existed. It's a fact that both films use to exquisite advantage.
...just another run-of-the-mill, neutered horror effort.
Cpia nada ambiciosa de A Noite dos Mortos Vivos que, apesar de tudo, se revela bastante interessante e incmoda.
Destined to become a Friday night favourite.
A sappy subplot involving teenage daughter Paulina and her prom date is just a clich too far in a movie that makes rather too much of its references to The Exorcist, Poltergeist and Carrie.
It comes as no surprise that this creature feature isn't remembered as a horror classic.
The atmosphere is too bright and insincere, with a focus on creating dread through untrustworthy accomplices rather than terrifying bloodshed.
Jordan Peele's return to horror is intriguing but no 'Get Out'.
In most respects, it's an improvement over its predecessor, but it's still more of the same with better characters. Watchable, but hardly essential.
Each new plot development is so slapdash and uninspired that it's impossible to suspend one's disbelief.
The never-ending Saw horror franchise continues. Sigh. Fans and non-fans will get exactly what they expect, and not much more.
First-semester social-science students would wince at the overreaching metaphors in Donnie Darko director Richard Kelly's latest Rorschach test.
It has an engaging story, great visual style, some shades of Alien and even a bit of Arrival, a lead character you want to root for, and a great balance of thrills and point of view.
Ari Aster's version of a breakup movie is fascinating and horrifying. The score/ visuals, + a fantastic Florence Pugh, make it compelling and haunting in equal measure.
More of the same. It all depends on your taste for carnage.
Acerta ao compreender a natureza do texto original, que empregava o terror como uma mera ferramenta para analisar o comportamento de seus personagens e os dilemas morais e religiosos que os impelem uns contra os outros.
Although horrible on nearly every aspect, the movie is quite entertaining to watch, which is more than I can say for most films. But that doesn't mean I recommend seeing it.
Sometimes movies suck.
Bruckner's genre timing is spot on even if the finished film could be a tad more terrifying. Winningly witchy, nonetheless.
"plenty of corn, for sure, but no chills"
It is every 16 year-old's rite of passage to sneak into an R-rated slasher, get grossed out by blood, turned on by boobs and shout back at the screen. To that end, 'Texas Chainsaw 3D' is a worthy claimant to the franchise.
It's like Death and Ingmar Bergman sitting around playing Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon.
A baffling bore.
Unquestionably the best of the Halloween followups...
Not since Stanley Kubrick's The Shining -- a key inspiration for Eggers -- has a motion picture been pumped with so much ominous dread.
Dead on arrival.
It doesn't reinvent the genre, but it is a strong addition to the canon of films that fuse teenage anxieties of the body and social interaction with blood-soaked storytelling.
The real terror of Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones is the horrifying thought that Blair Witch disease rages unabated, 15 years after the outbreak began.
The entire production appears to be nothing more than an excuse for the filmmakers to vacation in Europe.
What's the point?
Connoisseurs of cruelty will sweat, squirm and relish every mean, masochistic minute of it.
Some nice ideas and a superb central performance from Ethan Hawke, though the film is a little over-reliant on screechy soundtrack noises and clichéd shock moments for its scares.
Rob Zombie's cinema returns more divisive than ever. His rawness is masterful. [Full review in Spanish].
A stalk-and-slash horror movie with precious few slashes, the PG-13-rated Prom Night is a tame, by-the-numbers affair without surprises or a point of any kind.
full review in Greek
Entertaining but gruesomely gory vampire tale.
Through the murk and gloom of The Abandoned; a mystery emerges: Why didn't this go straight to DVD?
Fails to do anything memorable with its alleged "last chapter" status. Rather disappointing.
The supernatural is the hobgoblin of the titular doubting Thomas in The Skeptic, though judging by writer-director Tennyson Bardwell's hapless mood shifts in this tepid horror-comedy, it seems consistency of tone deserves even less credibility.
Dr. Giggles is about as sick and twisted as commercial Hollywood movies get.
It's worth checking out if you're a big fan of '80s horror and have seen a lot of the essential titles already.
It's when the movie revels in this gruesome giddiness, as opposed to commenting directly on privilege, that Ready or Not makes a far better investment in becoming a budding cult classic.
A twisted gem in its own right.
Dry-as-dust "possession" fare.
[It] accomplishes with a modest budget and a talented cast what bigger, slicker, gorier contemporary horror movies rarely do. It taps into a collective dread compounded by the guilt of our complicity.
Sets out to be a classic ghost story, but fails to grasp that special something that makes such films more than layers of mist.
It's possible this remake could grow on me when I take the time to watch it again. Here's hoping that ends up being the case.
I have yet to see writer Michael Cooney's prior claims to fame, his Jack Frost flicks, but I'm assuming that they're better than this one.
... despite its reputation as a gratuitous shockfest, (it's) tense, well-paced, and does have some social commentary to make. By way of screaming, of course.
Olsen is never more haunting than when hiding around a corner, barely able to contain her fear. She makes standard set-ups troubling.
What it lacks in slick computer graphics is more than made up for in creepy dramatic cliches.
Ti Wet takes the retro anxiety of 1978's Jonestown Massacre and slaps on a fresh coat of creepiness. Not that it needed much.
Un de ces films dont il faut savoir s'imprgner de l'ide de dpart pour tre en mesure d'en apprcier les bats  leur juste valeur.
The spirits unleashed do a splendid job, creating a lot of fun, B-grade spookery using in-camera effects. There is digital work in the film, of course, but all the trickery adheres to a wonderfully effective old-school aesthetic.
There is little suspense or dramatic tension; everything plays out like bad melodrama or cheap exploitation.
Fantatical horror/thriller, focused on Christian fundamentalists with a sinister agenda.
When the swerves hit, preposterousness obliterates cleverness.
There are just too many stories to fit into two hours - and even with fewer weak links, The ABCs of Death might have fallen short all the same.
Dark, tense, and punctuated by just enough gore to keep the viewer's flinch reflex intact.
Bousman a su trafiquer la facture originale pour en accentuer l'impact et la rendre, aussi étrange que cela puisse paraitre, un peu + crédible.
Crimson Peak is a sumptuously designed genre flick that delivers a different kind of horror from the typical ghosts-and-ghouls haunted house story.
The only real mystery is if Snipes will rebound from this into better projects, or if movies this cheap and uninspiring will be his new normal.
[Director] Bornedal never slows it all down enough to give you time for the hairs on the back of your neck to wake up.
Affleck, you weren't the bomb in Phantoms, yo. But Rose McGowan is hot.
An uncommonly intelligent fright film, one that unnerves you at a very deep, primal level.
Gillespie and Kostanski's real talents become visible when it comes to the special effects work, and here the film excels.
There may be worse horror films than The Bye Bye Man this year, but there will be none that shows more contempt for its intended audience.
Over-egged and underwhelming, the best thing that can be said it that it provokes a few shocks - but these are easy wins and play no part in the propelling the plot along.
Maximum visceral impact is what this film is all about -- and it delivers.
A fine string of scary installments that makes the original V/H/S, even its better entries, pale in comparison.
A forgettably common fright flick wearing its psychological themes like a Halloween costume.
The tunes (co-written with Eli Batalion, who's got a cute cameo) are clever, the final reel is filled with lots of gruesome, unpredictable fun, and the killer's screeching theatre-related bons mots are to die for.
There's clearly a focus on makeup, prosthetics, and gore, all of which hold up well over time.
It features horrible acting, sub-par special effects, a ridiculous Hatfield-McCoy blood feud, unbelievable character motivations, a handful of zombies and an eviscerated horse.
Smiley's story is wasted on terrible horror execution, creating a frustrating and tiring watch filled with inside internet jokes most older viewers will not be LOL-ing about.
It's a mix of two horror subgenres that just works. [Full review in Spanish].
Nausea-provoking camerawork, cacophonous sound design and incoherent editing assault the senses nonstop. The only thing that could make watching this movie more unpleasant is if ushers tasered viewers at random intervals.
As debuts go, the one director Michael Greenspan and screenwriter Christopher Dodd make here is pretty darn impressive. All the pieces of this puzzle are in place, the filmmakers connecting them one to the other with cocksure confidence.
Could there be a less appealing tagline to a movie than 'from the writers of Saw IV, V and VI?'
...a complete and total trainwreck of a motion picture...
Director Miles Doleac's deliciously gory The Dinner Party gets a few things right, but ultimately this horror/thriller fails to serve-up the requisite amount of tension to deliver the goods.
The 2018 Halloween is a worthy entry into the often wavering franchise. It enhances the characters of both Michael Myers and Laurie Strode, and adds to the mythology of The Shape, rather than detracting from them.
A movie in search of a plot, it's is little more than a random collection of clichéd horror moments.
Works as a healthy reminder of how superb horror can be, balancing tragedy and humour and making me yearn for a return to using strong actors and plot to give the genre the respect it really deserves.
A brisk, slick if unsubtle take on King that should please a new generation of horror fans who enjoyed the last adaptation of the master's work, It.
The fun in this film comes from watching a terrific off-kilter performance from Octavia Spencer matched against a group of kids you'd only want to root for on moral terms because all of their actions are incredibly dumb.
A horror classic that is as fresh and relevant as when it was released
Stewart is a fine, talented actress, and she ups the ante considerably here; her strong performance makes of Twilight a far better film than it would have been with a lesser actress in the part.
So impoverished in every regard that it cannot dare to dream of being something so impressive and respectable as "ramshackle".
The genre tropes are all alive and well and Scary Stories delivers them with élan but the dispiriting ending hangs over everything like a pall.
Of all the Halloween sequels, including the irrelevant and unwatchable Halloween III, Halloween 4 stands out as the best of a generally uninspired lot.
An unwanted, unnecessary and nearly unwatchable sequel to a movie that didn't deliver the goods in the first place.
Movie Marmite. Many will be perplexed. Donnie Darko fans should lap it up.
As good as Plummer and McDermott are here, [writer Christopher D. Ford] ultimately writes himself into a corner that requires actions in the final act that don't ring true.
Such is the one-dimensional nature of the slabs of meat masquerading as characters that it's hard to care for their fates, and a painfully contrived romantic intrigue between two of them hardly helps the cause.
A Blair Witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera, with passable performances from everyone in the cast.
Though it feels improvised, this is a well-honed work, with details laughed off in the daylight becoming spookily significant once darkness falls.
Ripe with style and allure. Mortimer is having a wild time, and it shows in every splashy, punk-colored frame.
Rec] is a great if you're after some scares, and it will definitely have you squirming in your seat.
An often fascinating mess, but a mess all the same.
Only a brief, nicely sculpted bass clarinet line provides any redeeming quality.
The biggest question for me is 'Why?'
Annabelle Comes Home offers enough thrills, jolts, and even heartfelt storytelling to compensate for the lack of depth to its horror elements.
Bolstered by its kinetic cinematography and stellar production design, Mitzi Peirone's surreal nightmare Braid is a crazy fever dream of deranged games and broken realities.
A smart, unexpected delight.
...sure to leave the franchise's followers thoroughly satisfied (and, of course, clamoring for more)...
Unable to deliver the single novel concept or unexpected surprise that might justify its existence.
TV show is much better; some mature themes, violence.
...may be the most unique-looking film we've seen in ages.
The filmmakers even try to conjure up some CGI monsters for Maria to hallucinate, except they look so stupid and forgettable it's safe to assume that the designs were stolen from a trash bin at the studio for a Silent Hill game
The nun is a very discreet horror film that quickly depletes its ideas and has a script full of weaknesses. [Full Review in Spanish]
Although the book series remains popular, the road is littered with would-be movie franchises that never got beyond the first episode.
There's a gut-wrenching sense of dread that saturates nearly every minute of director Robert Eggers' feature debut.
People are cut, tongues meet pliers and at one point a cat gets sliced in half. Beyond that, there's very little here.
Littered with clichs and lacking even a speck of originality, this gothic snoozer is yet another entry in the if-we-build-it-they-will-come horror sweepstakes.
Tasteless "Halloween" Leaves a Bloody, Bad Taste.
Whatever dread is evoked by the interviewees is undercut by [the] reenactments, which seem so overtly cinematic in the worst way.
Swift, vicious and grimly imaginative, 28 Weeks Later exceeds its predecessor in every way.
Even the most forgiving of horror fans may find it hard to locate something good in this turkey.
Horrormeister Wes Craven seems to have run out of chilling ideas and should have quit while he was ahead.
Barely intermittent, reminding us that the B-movie is still very much with us.
This rehash - toned (and dumbed) down for adolescent audiences by the director responsible for taking the slash out of Prom Night - provides thin gruel.
The chemistry between Stewart and Pattinson provides the proper amount of smoldering desire ...
Until the director Frank Darabont decides that he's saying something important instead of making a nifty horror movie, The Mist isn't half bad.
Gory original Satanism saga; popular but plodding.
About a threatening as a Nine Inch Nails music video.
Cheesy horror celebrating the power of cheesy horror, while pretending to be appalled.
It's not just a disappointment for fans of the saga; it is also a blockbuster that will not be able to convince the average public that this is a story worth telling on the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
Why does the most evil spirit in the house look like Marilyn Manson in a nun's costume?
The film is ultimately devoted to formula, as Nick Simon discards his jumbled meta-media conceit at around the halfway mark.
One of the most unashamedly fun mainstream horror flicks of recent memory.
The 'Mandy' standout holds something back in a film that epitomizes out of control science fiction.
There's just something about H2 that's peculiar, odd & even intriguing. Maybe it's the fact that Zombie made HIS movie instead of OUR movie, or maybe it's the sheer simplicity & brutality of it all, but in the end I think hardcore horror fans will enjoy..
Unlike the guilty pleasure Final Destination franchise, the recurring death scenes don't even have the decency to be entertainingly ingenious.
A stately backstage drama that gradually morphs into a full-blown supernatural horror movie, [this is] a synthetic experience that sporadically intrigues but never fully engages.
Crawl is a brilliant ode to the magical realism of Florida and how, when made with craft and care, few movie-going experiences are as good as creature-features in the hottest month of the year.
Russian director Levan Gabriadze breathes digital life into the hackneyed "found footage" concept by placing the action in this revenge thriller solely on one teenage character's computer screen.
When the story lags (and it often does), at least you have copious eye candy to feast on.
You need more than a few sudden noises and scary shocks to make a good horror movie. But "Insidious: Chapter Three" is at least an OK horror movie.
An effective and challenging thriller. (and don't watch the trailer...go in blind)
A welcome contrast to the first film's snuff-y atmosphere and general mean-spiritedness, featuring more humor, fewer hateful characters, and occasional twinges of relatable human emotion.
I suppose every generation deserves its own sociopolitical take on Jack Finney's novel The Body Snatchers, though The Invasion does neither the audience nor the source material any favors.
The teen-friendly rating may be good for business, but it saps the film of much of its power to shock. Take away the shock and there's not much left to work with.
An old lady's dog produces the biggest scare in the film.
It's pretty clear from The Cabin in the Woods that co-writers Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard love horror movies almost as much as they are annoyed by them.
The violence it depicts is not nearly as off-putting as the perfunctory misogyny the film evinces, and even that isn't half so obscene as the ridiculously shabby quality of the whole thing.
The Lawnmower Man features an intriguing plot filled with some grand ideas, but thanks to a screenplay that throws all of that away in favor of a tonally-jarring and silly spectacle, we end up with a film whose full potential is never realized.
Generates a suitably creepy atmosphere and pulls off a couple of decent scary moments, but the found-footage conceit wears very thin and the plot never really comes together.
Instead of Deliverance's deep backwoods hicks we have now backwoods chavs who live a life unscrutinised by cops or anyone. Watkins has consumed all those tabloid hoodie tales and regurgitated a horror.
It's not hard to guess the source of her horror, and so the film's most interesting aspects are its gimmicks rather than its frights.
Rather than mucking about with too much plot or deep character development, Annabelle Comes Home embraces the fact that it's just a fun little haunting movie. It's jumpy. It's spooky. It's fun.
Part detective story, part thriller, part romance, From Hell manages to juggle each aspect with aplomb.
Saw is a nasty, nasty piece of business. And I mean that in the nicest possible way.
... a tidy, reasonably effective Canadian release in the tradition of Phone Booth, Buried and other tight-squeeze thrillers ... The twist ending would have amused no less a connoisseur than Hitchcock.
...a disappointingly lifeless adaptation...
Tim Burton spins another eerie betime tale.
I, Frankenstein delivers what it promises, but focusing solely on mass destruction and shapeshifting gargoyles leaves little time to develop Adam as a rich, full character - that's what sequels are for, right?
Black's performance is funny enough to keep the adults superficially interested but if you're over age 12, this movie and plot is too silly to really buy into, although it's a solid choice for the kids.
Though The Quiet Ones does not quite work as a throwback to Hammer's heyday, it does, however, serve its purpose as a decent time-waster.
Adam Egypt Mortimer's second feature ... offers a novel convergence of mental health issues, toxic masculinity and occultish vibes.
While the movie ranks low on shock factor - there are hardly any spine-tingling moments - the cast deserves a thumbs-up for making their characters relatable.
In the thrills department, Pitch Black is a hands-down winner. It has a good setup, and all of the suspense sequences are perfectly paced.
Working with wunderkind cinematographer Piers McGrail, O'Malley keeps the carnage coming and images memorable.
It wounds William Castle's inspired body of work to foist remakes of this substandard caliber on the man's name.
[The film] relinquishes terror for laughter and, thanks to that, it stays fresh. [Full review in Spanish]
There are only so many ways hapless teens can get brutally slaughtered, after all
Dig Two Graves is a sinister yet serene tale whose every moment warrants your full attention.
An offbeat updating of Mary Shelley's classic Gothic tale that strikingly mixes grind-house gore with high-brow ideas.
Two movies, one sandwiched inside the other, and the two movies have completely different goals, tones, and arguably even genres.
The filmmakers seem more than aware of the logical and dramatic deficiencies of their material, and so they flee to that last refuge of movie scoundrels: self-conscious campiness.
The film is nothing more than an entertaining B-movie without many ambitions but is made with sufficient solvency but it's clear that Joost and Schulman directors didn't have much budget to do it. [Full review in Spanish]
At a time when my beloved horror genre is infested with the fleas and ticks of remakes and "reboots," here's a movie that injects some new, ice-cold blood.
No question that the storytelling here is impressive; the story itself, however, is a bit thin.
A gothic horror story made with trade and knowledge, with the ability to scare through the noblest tools of cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
Instead of retreating into his manic, hyper-allusive style of psychedelic, grindhouse-friendly pastiche, Zombie tested his considerable skills and made something different.
This is a violent, body-strewn road movie. And unless you're a fan of this kind of camp viciousness, it's pretty unbearable.
Though [Jan Svankmajer] strips away all sweetness and light, he does not violate Lewis Carroll's story.
In just two films Strickland has established a striking, unusual voice; long may he continue to find opportunities to make this boundary-stretching, genre-fuddling work.
If you aren't generally scared by CGI goblins who whisper a lot, the title's warning is sadly unneeded - you won't be afraid of Don't Be Afraid of the Dark.
How could such a sure-thing sequel end up so absolutely atrocious? I've no idea.
Moments of actual horror are rare, however, because the director never does much to build cat-and-mouse tension.
The Boy certainly has its moments of shock value but the sluggish story feels lukewarm for the most part. It is such a shame that The Boy could not capitalize any further on its strange and hypnotic inclinations.
A good movie gets you hooked by introducing a fascinating story, likeable characters or thrilling action. The Skulls has none of these.
If you want to kill some time you can have a laugh along with it, but regardless there is no point in this film having the Doom name attached, it does very little with the IP.
Not Carpenter's best film, The Fog may on the other hand be his most underestimated.
More of the same doled out in such a way that it somehow feels like less of the same.
Centipede is disgusting, but don't hate it because it's gross; hate it because it's bad.
While it plays by the occult numbers too frequently to create any real sense of dread, the filmmakers summon up enough fresh fiendishness to sustain the interest.
A horror story without much horror.
Under its scares, Under the Shadow serves as an impassioned allegory for female oppression - but Anvari doesn't shortchange horror fans.
not as good as Young Frankenstein, or the first two, but still a good effort
It's one of the most powerful films ever made about Devil worship because Polanski expertly winds up the paranoia with spooky atmospherics and morbid humour.
The only really jump-inducing bit is a direct rip-off from the first Nightmare film, when Freddy's slimy tongue pokes out at Langenkamp from a phone receiver.
It just doesn't work, and the likelihood I'll think or say this unremarkable film's name again anytime soon is nominal at best.
Simply put: Darkness fails. It's about as chilling as an unplugged refrigerator.
The Puppet Master: The Littlest Reich's ending is delightfully peculiar, but that's hardly a surprise. It's also setupsville for the sequel. With Fabio Frizzi's famous theme music still ringing in our ears, we're excited already.
A certified Tuesday night time-waster whenever it finally makes it to Netflix.
Resolved: Film students are annoying in person and insufferable in movies.
boring and predictable
Though it's from the writers of A Quiet Place, the grisly horror gem plays more like a Saw movie.
Travis Zariwny does not take advantage of the tools that this marvelous genre contains. [Full Review in Spanish]
"Jug Face" is not uniformly polished, yet it's a breakthrough, not so much for gore, or terror, but because the director can truly do tension, maybe a harder trick to pull off.
You have to like this sort of thing, and I don't.
It's like Deliverance turns into Hostel halfway through -- only not nearly as good as either of those films.
It's Jeremy Gardner's most accomplished film, yet.
This is almost a green light. If you considered yourself a connoisseur of horror films, you'll be disappointed. If you are easily scared then you will love it.
It could do with some more insanity. That's usually the only time it really feels alive. As it is only about half of Drag Me to Hell really hits that levels, but that's a lot more than we normally get.
The film ends up cheapening its sense of empathy in its final mad rush to subject audiences to every incarnation of the jump scare imaginable.
Without spoiling anything, I will say that The Last Exorcism Part II ends on an open note that teases a legitimately engaging setup for a potential third movie. But really, the producers of this series should quit while they're behind.
Kerslake gives an intriguing performance as the mother.
Horror fans won't be impressed by The Wolfman's crude editing; romance fans will feel unfulfilled.
My favourite horror movie.
There are some fairly unsettling scenes, but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer.
Some will laud it, others will loathe it, but make no mistake: Blair Witch is that game-changer horror fans desperately have been waiting for.
The quality of the film's inventiveness is not always of the first order, which is too bad because Mr. Cronenberg does seem to be a director-writer of some style.
The clichs come a-tumbling out with wild abandon as Gabriel Byrne's perfectly P.C. salvage crew goes in search of the 40-year-missing Antonia Graza. Unfortunately for them, they find the ship. It's not that much fun for us, either.
If you take away the shocking makeup-effects work of KNB EFX Inc. there's not much there at all.
There is a story here but it needs a better writer and director to flesh out the scenes and characters.
There's only so much sustainable interest things jumping randomly out of dark corners can hold for most sentient beings.
Wish Upon is just entertaining enough to merit a recommendation. It won't win any awards, but you could do a lot worse at the theaters this summer (Transformers is still out).
It's debatable whether the three acts of Die, Monster, Die! fit together well, but there's no doubt they collectively add up to one deliriously goofy B-movie.
Another smart and pop-culturally hip film from Williamson.
Under the Shadow makes a portrait about the repressive Iranian society of the 80's; that mixture of folklore and religion in the beliefs of its characters and social criticism. [Full review in Spanish]
Infinitely small, petty, cruel; appallingly sociopathic even grading on the dumpster-fire-horror-flick curve. But forget the supernatural element: the human 'drama' is the most ridiculous thing here.
When Darkness Falls, it pretty much trips over its own feet.
Too vanilla, too banal and too earnest to do the source material any justice.
The website is more entertaining than the movie.
The film's most aggravating trait is its scare technique... which is more like listening to a noisy neighbor than being scared.
A laughably bad horror flick involving demonic possession, concentration camps and torturous genetic experiments.
A worthy sequel certain to scare the bejesus out of Scream franchise fans with a strong stomach for gratuitous gore.
Stage Fright almost works as a pitch-perfect parody of '80s b-grade slashers, but succumbs to many of the genre's same weaknesses.
It doesn't suggest documentary footage found in the woods so much as a haunted-house version of Hardcore Henry.
Rabid manages to beautifully pay homage to Cronenberg and jaw-droppingly brilliant makeup and practical effects allow The Soska Sisters to also put their own unique body horror thumbprint on the film.
An amalgam of the Alien and Terminator films, only without the style.
Viewers who think "silent" films are boring and primitive would do well to start with this one as an example of how advanced they really were.
How many more of these can we watch and still enjoy the impact of "The Blair Witch Project" or "Paranormal Activity"? I'll try to forgive those films for spawning such boring evil but "The Devil's Due" is due no forgiveness whatsoever.
The Boat is never boring; and that is saying something for a film that includes a 30-minute sequence where the protagonist is locked in a bathroom.
Was there a recent Ed Wood contest that I missed? Taylor ...would surely win the prize.
Literally a pallid imitation of the original.
"The Grudge 2" has no substance, no suspense, numerous fade-outs, and finally no explanation. Better to rent the original.
The Invisible Man is a reinterpretation of a classic character done right. By combining scares and thrills with a remarkable story that is timely and relatable, Whannell and Moss have brought the goods. Highly recommended.
Almost to the same degree as Laugier's Martyrs, it changes its game midway through and makes audiences radically shift sympathies as its plot develops.
Co-writer/director Aaron B. Koontz's perceptiveness for the Western genre makes The Pale Door into a worthy hybrid horror.
For fans of horror at its most sinister, "The Witch" is not to be missed. It casts a spell that lingers long after its most disquieting mists have cleared.
I completely lost interest in the final 20 minutes.
Biting, witty and cruel class war satire that goes too grim and too far to be as much fun as it wants to be.
I would never argue that a movie should be banned or censored, but I firmly believe we should take directors like Khalfoun aside and tell him he's a hack, a phony and should be ashamed of himself.
The budget for this film is one of those miniscule amounts when compared to a studio film, which just goes to show it's not how much you spend to make a movie, but what you put into it.
Another year, another mix of "The Amityville Horror" and "The Exorcist." Solid acting and an emotional back story set this one slightly apart.
A case can be made that Caligari was the first true horror film.
It's gory, repetitive, and not terribly interesting.
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is basically a great haunted house movie-the house just happens to be the morgue.
A haunting and cerebral spin on the alien abduction story, Dark Encounter gets under you skin to truly terrify you before offering some important things to think about.
The classic horror films of the 1930s appealed to the intelligence of its audiences, to their sense of humor and irony. Movies like Terror Train... just don't care. They're a series of sensations, strung together on a plot.
The Gallows should be the next production whose name is synonymous with bad luck at the theater.
The Prodigy is an often chilling and disturbing - if not particularly meaningful or impactful - horror movie weighed down its by derivative plot.
If Scream was like a funny joke, Scream 2 was like somebody telling you, 'here's how I heard that joke,' and Scream 3 is like somebody who won't believe you've already heard it.
Hostel: Part II does succumb to mere ghoulishness in the last-reel bloodbath, but up to that point its moral tension feels horribly persuasive.
Shocks and jumps come thick and fast, but rather than relying on cheap thrills, Krampus embraces its silliness and takes the audience on a hugely entertaining ride.
Maybe not the first metamovie, but certainly the one that popularized the genre.
Despite some uneven dialogue and a lacklustre supporting cast, Brydon Bloom's breakout performance offers enough to make this engrossing cult themed horror thriller worth a watch.
Roll our eyes we might, but importantly we never look away in fright, simply because the horrors always remains on screen.
A lazy, hasty effort that offers little beyond a few jack-in-the-box startles and a high body count, including Hewitt's bouncing about in a shirt half-unbuttoned over a bikini top.
has the stench of money over integrity.
This riotously bad taste comedy horror delivers about as much gory fun as you could hope for from a film about Nazi puppets on a murder spree.
The lack of answers and stifling cultural specificity are what give The Witch its gnawing power.
Freddy and Jason could use some new blood.
He made me nervous because I never knew what he was going to do next, and that's what you want in a killer.
For all its holes of plot, Sinister is a successfully spooky piece of work, riding entirely on the backs of mood-making, Hawke's descent into dissolution and his kids' convincing scariness.
This "reimagining", by the director Marcus Nispel, of the 1980 slasher movie is one hell of a bore.
Fresnadillo favours creepy suspense over gore resulting in a polished psychological drama.
One of Hammer's best outings, with Christopher Lee adding an indelible mark to the Dracula legacy
It's as self-referential as any of the exuberant director's duds, but it's refreshingly self-deprecating too.
... a Miss Teen "Fatal Attraction" ‒ with baked kitten replacing rabbit stew on the menu.
All Craven & Williamson have done is dress down their baby to resemble the lot of unnecessary remakes with no fresh take, personality-free actors and a finale so unsatisfying that one prays for all the dead to make one last appearance to yell April Fools.
Unless this is your very first horror movie, you are much more likely to be bored to death than scared to death.
The truth is, it's not very good - and entirely without scares. But we dare you to watch it without unleashing a few unintended laughs along the way.
[T]he director André Øvredal reveals too much, and the ghoulish atmosphere just drains away.
The Cabin in the Woods will undoubtedly be one of the best horror-thrillers you'll see all year, as well as one of the best films. It will also standout as an all-time horror classic.
Director Fede Alvarez is a pro at creating tension with nothing more than sound effects and shots that constantly have us thinking of what's outside the frame.
As before, this third entry in the franchise brushes aside such fripperies as a complex, involving narrative and drills straight down into our most primal fears. The results are as nerve-jangling as ever.
This condensation of eight Stephen King books may not be quite as vexing as attempting to place all of Shakespeare's texts onto a single Post-it note, but it nevertheless ranks as an exercise in futility.
Audience reaction to the scene where Matthew is finally goaded into "taking his turn" will make you wish for a rogue asteroid to wipe out humanity once and for all.
This is a black comedy, almost more so than it is a horror flick. So much of the comedy is rooted in how bad the family is at this game. It's a riot.
The action sequences are well judged throughout. But we never get any closer to understanding which end of the fence the film-makers sit at.
The film moves from truly creepy to truly inane.
Sinister's central idea - that film can itself be evil - is not developed as cleverly as it was in Hideo Nakata's Ring films, but its images are chillingly memorable ...
[Rob] Zombie's most chilling movie so far, if not his most horrific.
A dreary, mean-spirited, utterly joyless movie.
What finally sells The Innkeepers is the fact that the payoff really pays off.
Gus Van Sant's oddball, shot-for-shot remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 classic...
While the lack of backstory or killer character building may turn some off, 'The Furies' has plenty to offer fans of the slasher sub-genre.
Saw gets by on its mood of industrial dread.
["Midsommar"] is a movie that isn't so much traditionally scary as it is maddeningly unsettling and punctuated with shock.
It's the cinematic equivalent of a pat on the back accompanied by a slap in the face.
The embodiment of all that is wrong with the horror genre today . . . avoid it like raw plutonium
Despite its desperate efforts to justify the homicides, there's nothing remotely innovative or even goofily satirical about it.
A tiresome experience.
A film that starts off as a low-fi relationship drama in the vein of the work of Joe Swanberg (which makes sense since he co-wrote it with Franco), ends as a gory horror film and fails to impress at either end of the occasion.
The story compensates for any discomfort because we are eventually given the light with which to understand, accept, and reconcile what we've seen.
None of the chapters use the unifying formal conceit to any real advantage; only one, directed by Timo Tjahjanto and The Raid: Redemption's Gareth Huw Evans, is worth a rental.
Us...is both a slow burning unsettling spectacle and a full throttle assault on your heart.
The biggest fear I have is being tortured by having to watch this movie until my eyes and nose start bleeding.
Nice performances from Shearsmith and Serkis, and some outrageous ketchupy grossout, though I have to say The Cottage has nothing like the rigour, originality or power of Williams's debut.
A slick if derivative concept is well served by cold, grey cinematography and a chilling sense of shadowy menace.
Replaces derivation with gimmicks.
If this is the world's next generation of womanhood, that's a century of female emancipation down the drain. Bella's more likely to polish her chastity belt than burn her bra.
It's part home invasion thriller, part body swap drama, part Ira Levin-esque psychological satire. Peele's second film is a bolder artistic statement than Get Out, and one of the finest examples of untethered (forgive the pun) studio filmmaking.
Crunching bones and tearing flesh are effectively rendered, yet expectations of cheap thrills drain away as the scares fail to materialise.
An entirely familiar yet slyly entertaining little throwback to the days of Grizzly, Pumpkinhead, and Prophecy -- with a big dose of Rear Window tossed in, just to amp the tension up a little.
There is a lot of good stuff going on here, not the least of which is a climax so well-orchestrated that it plays right into our urge to peak at the screen behind clenched fingers, arguably the greatest of litmus tests for fear-inducing journeys.
It's exuberant and extraordinary, and just nasty enough.
This is a straight to video job.
Finally, a Jewish horror film (and not just a Bernie Madoff documentary!)
Mildly diverting if you're curious, but don't expect to be blown away.
Osgood Perkins has managed to single himself out as a horror director with a unique and terrifying voice.
From Hell se desborda de la pantalla hasta hacernos sentir texturas, sabores, tensiones y miedos.
It somehow manages to be scarier, more thoughtful, and more intellectually honest than its predecessor.
It all happens - with equal confusion and intrigue - under the umbrella of a low-tech style so chilling in its presence that it becomes a character all on its own.
A horrifying excursion into a nightmarish world few of us would ever want to experience firsthand
Simply put, this series has run its course and is currently beating a dead shark.
This is truly the darkest and most upsetting thing I've seen Blumhouse produce ... it is mean-spirited and gleeful in the traumas inflicted on the characters.
What, I shudder to think, were the projects Hilary Swank turned down in favor of this one?
If we must get a new Saw movie every Halloween, at least the franchise is evolving and not just regurgitating the exact same formula.
...falls right in line with its hopelessly inferior (and surprisingly dull) immediate predecessor...
The latest in a long-line of underwhelming found-footage horror flicks...
Quite easily, one of the scariest films I've seen in a long while... It's a corker.
has everything you want from a scary movie, and Reynolds is a star waiting to break out
What do you call a slasher movie with no slashing? Dull, for starters.
The most surprising thing about New Moon, the second film in the Twilight series, is how much worse it is than the first.
Despite some clumsy acting and a little forced dialogue, Ruin Me is a magnetic take on a new realm of horror entertainment.
Tom Holland's directorial debut is a wildly entertaining concoction that perfectly blends horror and comedy. Roddy McDowall steals the show as TV horror host Peter Vincent.
After announcing he was no longer directing The Hobbit, Mr. Del Toro sustained a blow to his post-Pan's Labyrinth armor, and this washout brings him one step closer to full career rupture.
Get Out is best enjoyed by getting to watch the tale unfold without knowing where the plot is going.
Loud noises and shaky cameras don't replace a plot, and Blair Witch doesn't have one. It also lacks the fresh documentary feel that set its predecessor apart.
surreally disjointed
It's an unflinching and ballsy film which serves as a great reminder that there's still powerful storytelling alive in the horror genre
Certainly gory enough for fans of schlock horror.
feels episodic and slight, little more than a slasher movie in which the slasher is a lycanthrope
Madeline Brewer's fearless performance props up this uneven yet trashily compelling cyber-thriller.
Written and directed by Jerome Sable, Stage Fright is a clever, gory and wickedly fun time that truly celebrates everything we love about horror musicals with an unabashed enthusiasm that you can't help but fall in love with.
1408 offers proof that you really can make a creepy and effective, PG-13-rated horror movie.
Pretty much a carbon copy of the first film. Full of cheap scares, and goofy connections to part 1 in a misguided effort to build a "mythology" so this cash cow can keep churning out milk.
A ballsy little number that decided to sit on the fence halfway through and revert back to the usual horror clichs we've become accustomed to over the years.
Venom is about as animated as Ray the zombie; they're both still up and walking, not realizing they're dead and gone.
Little is answered and righly so--Myrick and Sanchez understand that myth, by nature, strives on that which is unknown.
An instant classic, endlessly clever and thrilling, and well worth the wait.
Satoshi Kon's glorious visuals are the driving force of a rather strange and surreal sci-fi experience that's often hard to follow.
This one is just bad.
There are a few effective jump scares but the dodgy acting and an appalling ending marks this out as an interesting first try rather than an indie breakaway hit.
Perhaps frightening in 1974, it really doesn't hold up today unless you can forget the 12,000 films exactly like it, which is difficult.
Us is not a successor to Get Out, but instead a solidification. A solidification that Peele is not only a master of horror, but an auteur who wears his ambitions on his sleeve
both unsettling and quite funny, often at the same time
Part tragedy and part comedy, but also part horror movie and part pornography.
[A] dourly aggressive, in-your-face thriller.
Wisely New Moon brings back screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg, who continues to prove she has a much better way with English than the author of the books, Stephenie Meyer.
Retitled this to I Know What You Did at That Sorority Party with That Tire Iron.
There is no screen as a dividing line in this film, enhanced by the use of fear as a substantial element. [Full Review in Spanish]
Annabelle deserved a story of her own, not one stitched together from the carcasses of others.
Yeah, this movie's a dog, but you can't blame the producers for strip-mining the same old fool-proof formula to death... and beyond.
Reynolds is well cast in the lead - it's genuinely upsetting as the house starts to chip away at his Nice Guy persona. He also spends a huge amount of the film either half-naked or dripping wet, if you like that sort of thing.
Pre-dating even early genre landmarks Nosferatu (1922) and Metropolis (1926) by some distance, Robert Wiene's silent film is both influential and one of a kind.
If you saw the first "Saw," you'll want to see "Saw II," too.
Aesthetically, Insidious operates at the level of a decent high school video project.
The Conjuring 2 won't send the same shiver of movie magic up your spine, but it's a solid sequel with plenty of tricks up its sleeve.
You know what you're getting, and while it is never particularly inspired, it's not without its chummy charms.
A film let down by its confusing, and at times unintentionally, comedic monster, The Curse of La Llorona goes through all the usual tropes of a Conjuring film whilst missing the main element - being scary.
Kevin Smith has lost his mind.
It just never gets un-scary. That's the best part.
[The] flashes of invention are bogged down by weak dialogue, overly dramatic acting, a muddled story riddled with plot holes, and stupid characters.
Too lazy, preposterous and inane to even be considered as a guilty pleasure.
As ingenious a reinvention of an old film as has been made in the last decade in Hollywood.
Once the novelty wears off, the latest movie feels just like every other -- an unrepentant gorefest with little personality or flavor.
[M]ost of its promise is squandered through inept scripting and a failure to indulge a self-aware enthusiasm for its B-movie concept.
Able to hold interest most of the way through, unraveling back stories that feel as if they might lead to something. But then the ending arrives.
This is a gateway drug for budding young horror fans.
Even a not-so-great ending can't overturn everything that came before it.
Suspiria (2018) is a haunting and ethereal tale of witchcraft, mutilation, and death.
Ultraviolent satire is forgettable but fun for horror fans.
As most people had already realized long before, Jason just wasn't scary anymore.
Proto-splatter from the Godfather of Gore.
Rubber heads and lines are the order of the night.
just another collection of horror movie cliches
It looks as if the film has an ambition to do for horror cinema what the Book of Revelations did for Christianity.
In a year filled with underwhelming horror films, it's ultimately more of the same, a game where the biggest loser is the audience.
A subtly menacing film given the proper atmosphere by the mere appearance of Karloff.
McIntosh gnaws at the heartstrings while also eviscerating patriarchal notions of what it is to be a woman.
It's basically Friday the 13th on a laptop, but the gimmick works like gangbusters. One request: Please Hollywood cybergods, no sequels.
If you ignore the marketing, this is actually a clever and creepy (if ultimately pointless) little thriller possessed by the soul of a horror movie.
It has a couple of interesting ideas, a certain degree of style and one impressive performance but never manages to pull them together into a cohesive or satisfying whole.
Fast-paced and straight-faced, and full of "ewwww!' moments that play up to the film's effectively cheesy use of 3D.
Compelling, creepy and often unbearably tense.
Carpenter's updating of the classic 1960 chiller is mediocre at best, and at times plummets into unintentional humor.
No One Lives is never quite able to recapture the gloriousness of its opening half hour...
These movies are starting to cross over into pure genius territory with their ever-evolving sense of self awareness and addition of 3D.
Just terrible.
This is only a mediocre Halloween release -- lacking the original film's innocence and scary fun.
It comes apart about halfway through, losing a very difficult tonal balance. Having said that, there's more to like here than the studio burial would have you believe.
Devoid of any thrills, chills, or anything fulfilling to any horror fan.
A flesh-eating virus has polluted the local reservoir. Pointless and egregiously bloody violence ensues, and Cabin Fever benefits greatly from its go-for-broke aesthetic.
An ambitious yet not-entirely-successful endeavor...
The Nun isn't scary enough, doesn't move fast enough, and has not-quite-characters who weirdly feel as though they're occupying different films.
A wild and hilarious remake, to place next to the original. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is not a dull bad film, but one chirpy and alive.
The story is nothing to write home (or you) about, but the really good stuff is the material that was cribbed from other movies, namely The Shining.
The latest entry in the horror series is simply a slasher flick. At that level, it's not bad, with some clever twists on the genre.
Although The Pale Door stumbles a good bit it does offer a horrific look at misogyny, patriarchy, and the enduring Puritanism of America.
Manages to be impressively unsettling given the flaws in its foundation.
Eventually the whole thing ends as these B-movies usually do -- with false denouements, sudden conflagrations and forced happy endings that leave the audience groaning and prematurely grabbing for their coats.
A deeply disturbing and powerfully atmospheric slice of horror that laces its ever-sickening sense of dread with a jet-black streak of humour.
If The Blair Witch Project had the power to trouble your sleep, the rote replications of Blair Witch may just induce it.
Let's just say that if you trust in all things Joss Whedon (director of the recent Avengers triumph), the mere mention of his skilful and inventive co-scripting collaboration with talented Drew Goddard will be recommendation enough.
Laced with horribly clichd secret society mumbo jumbo and unintentionally funny homoerotic undertones.
The Boat is a beautifully shot, well performed, and sharply edited thriller. It sails into uncharted territory and proves to be one of the year's best surprises. Hold fast!
Pretty decent sequel that tries really hard and manages to be as original as the first one. This villain creeps me out so much I need to see more of him. [Full review in Spanish].
Nicole Kidman shows off impeccable acting talent.
Frankly, it's not even in the league of recent genre anthologies like A Christmas Horror Story and Tales of Halloween.
Every bit as much a reactionary, establishmentarian work as the horror movies of fifty years ago.
I love all of Goldthwait's films (except one) but I wasn't sure what his goal was with Willow Creek. I can rest assured now that like any good filmmaker, he wanted to take the audience for a hell of a ride and tell a great story. He has succeeded.
Why the evil-doers need to do what they do is never explained. All we get is an atmospheric soundtrack desperately seeking a horror movie.
"The Den" is unsettling without being excessively gory, building legitimate dread rather than resorting to cheap scares.
It's a gnarled, brutal, highly manipulative film that, at its center, seems morally indefensible.
Thanks to a deliberately simple setup, a handful of lively character actors making the required impressions, and a healthy dose of horror violence, the movie provides a decent helping of fun for a late-Summer release.
We're treated to almost every ghosting and gruesome dispatch from the first film, just in a different order.
Does Raimi really have to go back and do another frickin' Spider-Man movie after this?
Psycho is that rarest of beasts - it's both art and entertainment. It's also Hitchcock's best film.
The 1980 Prom Night was by no means a masterpiece, yet it begs the question of the remake: If you're going to make a slasher movie and you take out all the actual slashing, what else is left?
H.P. Lovecraft's From Beyond gets a 21st century revamp in Blair Erickson's solid first feature.
It's impossible to overstate how utterly tedious the central stretch of Revenge of the Creature is.
...a respectful remake...it is moody, mesmeric, and entrancing.
McQuown is to be commended for willing to do something different with horror tropes that have become stale through constant repetition.
The thrill's in the thinking about little pieces of cinematic language as words contributing to a two-hour essay.
This installment is nowhere near the hip, serrated-edge blast of newness the original was in 1996. Suddenly, it's the horror thriller that, like, your parents are excited about.
This is the kind of movie that gives remakes a bad name.
Who really needs to see some guy slice into a woman's lower back, dig around in there with his fingers, and then reel in a four-foot length of tapewormlike vine? I mean, really.
Genuinely creepy, satirical and occasionally daft horror tales with a distinctly moral bent.
Talky and claustrophobic, Pontypool is a mash-up of Orson Welles' notorious The War of the Worlds radio broadcast and George A. Romero's Night of the Living Dead, with a tone and cast that's reminiscent of John Carpenter's Assault on Precinct 13.
With all-around good performances, compelling themes, and an ever-increasing sense of eeriness, The Rental easily ranks among the year's best genre films.
For all the outrage on display the film's button pushing can only generate diminishing returns.
A fascinating, modern-ish spin on one of the coolest old horror tricks: the anthology film.
Appreciators of complex horror will be rewarded with another genre stand-out that addresses the fearfulness within relationships, the sound mind-frame of ritualistic practices, and the terror behind a masked religion.
It's not until the last third that the movie shakes off the obligatory plot points and goes somewhere truly creative and interesting.
No style, no irony and no smarts, just a vicious streak that lasts 90 minutes.
An utterly sadistic horror picture that exists for no other reason and has no discernible point apart from getting horror fans to shell out a few bucks.
The scares in V/H/S/2 are totally different and more jump oriented than the eerie, slow builds in the original.
The 'Friday' movies are about the fear of death -- especially violent, untimely death, the type that is most scary to the teenagers who flock to the films. Jason is the car that runs a red light and kills a kid on the way to the prom...
Being a del Toro production, the grisly effects and monster designs are well above average, and provoke a lasting chill at odds with the lightweight tone of the picture.
Though some narrative and thematic threads fail to cohere, and Cage's performance and accent are mercurial mysteries, the visuals are beautiful and disturbing - and the wild, strange silliness never fails to entertain.
If there's one thing The Shed gets right, it's reassuring viewers that vampires can be savage, malicious creatures of nightly fury.
Just another late summer disappointment, filled with flashy images and little substance.
The film starts with wordy wittering and ends by trying to woo our shrieks -- from Arthur Miller to Dennis Wheatley in the shortest time possible between two blunt points.
A creepy, counterintuitive fright fest that puts a perverse spin on the meaning of getting lucky.
Goofy kid's stuff horror flick.
This low-budget horror spoof lasts only 84 minutes, but seems to take forever.
Christopher Landon's heady and entertaining sequel is a multiverse murder mystery rooted in experimental physics.
Psychopaths, if anything, is an energetic exercise in style. Also hard to deny Keating is making a point about senseless violence.
i usually hate these movies, but i kinda liked this one
This attempt at a fresh take on superhero movies falters just after its setup, never really exploring its potentially interesting theme. Instead, it just becomes a gory Omen knock-off with superpowers.
Thanks to its direction, cast and political subtext, 28 Weeks Later is a horror sequel that's actually worth seeing and improves upon (in some areas) its predecessor.
... people who don't like scary movies are really going to hate this one.
All in all, another Friday the 13th flop. Albeit one with a glimmer of hope at its core.
Scary Stories the movie might just scare your kids as much as the books scared you.
[Brightburn] doesn't manage to fully realize such an intriguing idea... but enough is working for the film to entertain as both a horror movie and a satire.
The original Saw was crafted with thought and precision. Saw IV is an orgy of blood.
Even the always-welcome Stanley Tucci can't add any flair to a movie that feels so much like a relative of John Krasinski's 2018 smash hit.
The best thing about Carrie 2 is the way the cruelties of the cliquish schoolgirls and macho jocks are built up so you're fairly itching to see them get their eyeballs popped out and their privates harpooned.
While sometimes too silly for its own good, Brahms: The Boy II gets enough right to make you forget the silliness of its concept. Annabelle and Chucky will have to make room for Brahms on the shelf.
Everything a sequel should be in terms of better but distractingly a reboot that means its predecessor should be wiped away. Two versions of the same thing by the same people is too many.
When the title of a movie consists of a number and the name of a tool, expectations are likely to be pretty low. So it feels somewhat incongruous to call "Hatchet III" a disappointment.
Shattering and deep-down bone-chilling. A viciously unsettling nightmare of race and privilege that carves out a much-needed paradigm shift for genre film.
A taut, troubling and topical French thriller almost utterly undone bu its over-the-top finale.
It seems that you can teach an old dog new tricks, at least when it comes to classic Universal monster movies.
Exceedingly familiar and yet maddeningly effective.
Makes a persuasive argument for what's wrong with so many horror films today.
The exceedingly low-rent production values subsequently ensure that the more overtly horrific elements within Craven's script often fall completely flat...
There are some scary moments, but they are few and far between.
... before the movie is half over, the usual cliches take over ...
Its images of extraordinary violence in (mostly) ordinary circumstances is deeply unsettling, and it lingers in your mind and skin long after the credits roll.
By turning the movie screen into a laptop, Gabriadze flattens the picture as surely as if he were an artist experimenting with painting in the 1950s; the lack of the illusion of depth makes each portion of the 'canvas' of potentially equal interest.
'This is the only way I can paint you,' says Milland, at the piano. 'Some black keys, and some white.' The speaker might as well be cinematographer Charles Lang, whose painterly compositions -- some black keys, and some white -- make this a spooky gem.
The London skyline lit with hellish colors as ominous clouds move overhead is the best of the movie's many memorable visuals.
The pacing is a little slow and the intensity needs to be cranked up a notch or two, but it has more emotion than your typical horror stories.
Tedious follow up to Fulci's entertaining ZOMBIE. Features the most annoying kid in the history of cinema.
I never got into this. Very slow, dated special effects, and obvious exploration of the paranoia theme.
Has one of the best on-screen deaths ever put on film...truly grotesque and effective.
Bruiser is clearly meant to operate as both a social satire and horror flick, but it's effective in neither realm.
We get some cheap gags about fat inlaws and nasty cousins; then Krampus arrives and suddenly it's all straight scares about psycho elves. The two moods never combine.
Emotionally resonant, gripping and packed with good performances, IT: Chapter Two rips through its protracted run time.
Kavanagh periodically manages to create a truly spooky vibe, using simple and effective cinematic devices and a heart-attack-inducing score by Ceiri Torjussen.
From a newcomer, the ineptitude of this film could be understood; from a man like Wes Craven, it feels like a big fat cheat.
What Jordan Peele has achieved here is a delight. Intelligent, unpretentious, strong, intense and fun. [Full review in Spanish]
Takes a promising premise and runs it through a predictable meat grinder of idiocy.
Sandberg's ability to craft chilling jump scares bodes well for future projects. He nimbly draws out grippingly tense sequences in badly lit locations and the use of practical effects is wonderful.
Could just as well have been titled Dumb Then Dumber for the way its plot makes decreasing sense even by the low standards of B horror flicks.
Predictable. Disposable. Listless. Boring. This is not how you make great horror films.
Amirpour has found the sweet spot between romance, horror, social commentary and monochrome cool.
An experiment in tedium that's filled with more of the sickeningly gory nonsense we've come to expect from the Friday the 13th series.
At first I was intrigued, then bored, then frustrated - and then baffled and angry that I'd wasted my time on it.
Figuratively speaking, Unfriended 2 puts a sheet over its head and says "whooo; the internet is scary". It is seldom as scary as a sheet.
It's a film that plays a tight game, thrilling its audience with a quick and nasty electric shock of danger, and it does so without pulling any punches.
Largely terrible, with the kernel of something interesting in the film's final scenes.
Straight from the jump-out-of-the-shadows-and-yell-boo school of fright flicks comes this neat, highly effective little haunted house number from Australian director Leigh Whannell.
By the time the facts are finally revealed, you just won't care.
The setting is contemporary crumbling Detroit, yet there's a strong '70s and '80s vibe, with some dreamy visuals (above ground swimming pools, cherry red bitten-down fingernails) and a creepy electro synth score by Disasterpeace.
The Bye Bye Man doesn't offer more than a few banging doors to startle viewers, and that's hardly enough.
For the most part the film succeeds in producing a frightening Halloween weekend experience.
Listening to fanatics go on and on about their fixations can be kind of fun. For a while, at least.
a nice little slumber party thriller to watch with the lights off
Plays out rather drearily.
[William] McGregor creates real tension right from the start, stirring in scary images and sounds that build a gnawing sense that something terrible is coming.
The poor pacing, blatantly obvious narrative signposting and over-reliance on false scares generated by sudden sounds and movements, removes any chance of The Wolfman actually being frightening.
A very satisfying film, and surely the first in a long franchise.
That Craven is earnestly trying to make an on-the-level, snark-free horror flick signals a welcome sea change in his career.
This will make you want to sleep with the lights on.
It's far less gory than most horror flicks, and nobody's demise is very upsetting.
The cast works hard, but not even the climactic tempest can whip up much excitement.
Weird, twisted and deliciously unique, Medina's horror taps a dynamic vein in feminism and Giallo-esque gore.
Le ralisateur cite abondamment, mais ne parvient jamais  donner un sens  ses lans qui finissent par s'parpiller dans un fourre-tout incohrent et anormalement tapageur
What a shame that director James Wan had to follow up a triumph like this summer's The Conjuring with a complete dud like Insidious: Chapter 2. A disjointed mess.
Shelley in a intriguing and atmosphere tale grounded with naturalistic sounds and powerful performances.
It's a horror movie less concerned with scares than with the idea of exploring the darkness of the individuals who inhabit its world. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The devil taking over the world is a terrifying concept, yet there's so little urgency to the proceedings that you'd think his master plan extended only to prank phone calls to the Vatican and TPing ministers' houses.
About as edgy as tapioca
Gratuitous evil + creepy kid equals scary fun.
A visual tour de force.
After the agonizing torture that was endured I can safely make the statement that Strangeland is now and will be the worst film of 1998.
Where do WB pilots go when they die? Perhaps they're reincarnated as lousy supernatural thrillers.
Roald Dahl's book about a little boy on a seaside holiday who discovers a witches' convention plotting to annihilate children is brilliantly brought to life in this fantasy adventure by director Nicolas Roeg.
Really underrated horror film from Stuart Gordon.
The film has a load of hallmarks which nod to the 1981 original, but takes some evry different twists and turns. It lacks some of that movie's personality, and it's not as scary as one might expect, but still a bloody good time at the movies.
"Goosebumps" really comes to life when the monsters come out to play.
The film's complicated narrative structure needlessly interrupts what is at times an engrossing descent into madness and fear, and takes away from the visceral qualities of the setting.
Regardless of how silly you think it all is, this will have you scared witless by the time the end credits roll; low budget horror hog heaven.
One of George Romero's most effective and interesting horror thrillers.
You'd expect the sequel to be an improvement based on production values alone, and you would be right, but not by much.
About as scary as Count Chocula.
This superb horror thriller breaks violently into your consciousness, robbing you of all sense of security.
The Ritual is an efficient, well-made if programmatic Brit horror, with good effects and a big monstrous reveal intelligently withheld.
Not what you'd expect from the makers of the Scream movies, but it still has it moments; not a lot of them, but a few.
It's a tough call as to which director's episode is lamer.
By the end of the film, the impressively realized creatures have been revealed in so much detail that we recognize them to be assignments from an artist's workshop and computer, not escapees from a nightmare.
The documentary look and feel of the movie is impressive until it is overcome by the inaneness of the plot
Blair Witch veteran Eduardo Sanchez moves away from found footage to create an effectively creepy haunted houser with a strong central turn by Lodge.
Provides the Halloween franchise with a clear, objective Worst Movie Of The Series...a virtually flawless collection of all the things that can make a slasher film unwatchable.
It's a stomach-turning joy to watch Laser put on his demented Mengele act, ripping out incisors, brandishing a riding crop, and ranting about his beloved "3-dog."
You end up following illogical plot points, and want to see just how the story ends. The pay-off is goofy, sure. But it's still a good film to catch up on a late night with friends over.
Just how terrible is SH3D? Well, at one point, writer-director Michael J. Bassett actually tries to scare you with a Kellogg's Frosted Pop-Tart. No kidding.
Gives fans what they want (hot young dudes who don't wear shirts), and might surprise a few people who didn't expect much
A poor rehash of the Stephen King story. Moretz is no match for the memory of Spacek's performance.
What is very impressive about Raw is that absolutely everything about it is disquieting, not just the obvious moments of revulsion: there is no let up in the ambient background buzz of fear.
A must-see psychological thriller. Balagueró has succeeded in constructing a hugely compelling narrative that has you completely transfixed from start to finish.
The movie was directed by Catherine Hardwicke. She uses her great discovery, Nikki Reed, in the role of the beautiful Rosalie Hale. Reed wrote Hardwick's Thirteen when she was only 14. That was a movie that knew a lot more about teenage girls.
What makes Jason X so much fun is that director James Isaac has his tongue firmly planted in his cheek, ensuring that the film offers as many killer laughs as killings.
Co-starring Adam Brody and Andie MacDowell, what follows is all kinds of grizzly fun, with the hilarious twist-ending the cherry on the top.
Here Comes The Devil may be awful a lot of the time, yet I can't deny its power at keeping me invested throughout.
Proves to be one of the most exhilarating debuts to date in the horror-thriller genre.
In Paprika, a gorgeous riot of future-shock ideas and brightly animated imagery, the doors of perception never close.
The Endless is a masterfully crafted genre hybrid that solidifies Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead as two of the most interesting and uniquely voiced directors working today.
Grimm-like, grim and gorgeous, Tale of Tales is a fine reminder that fairy tales weren't always only, you know, for kids.
[P]erhaps the movie's biggest surprise is that it isn't entirely pointless.
Much like the first movie, The Purge: Anarchy sets up a surprisingly interesting scenario and world, but simply bungles its execution.
Fun with a capital F. If a horror/thriller/drama & part comedy is your thing then you'll love this one. Ready or Not is about hide and seek, is hilarious and it has game.
The Bye Bye Man is like someone watched a double-bill of The Babadook/It Follows and said "I can do that!" but indeed cannot.
As shallow as a toilet bowl and twice as rank as its usual contents.
Part of the influential slate of silent horror films that emerged from the German Expressionism period.
Makes not the slightest attempt to hide the outright theft of every one of its ideas from much better films.
A depressingly generic picture that feels like a cash grab on the studio's part. It doesn't even seem to be trying very hard to entertain.
While The Purge: Anarchy feels like an introduction to something greater, Grillo's old-school action lead kicks ass and takes names - just how we like it.
The reason The Invisible Man holds you in an emotional vise grip for so much of its running time is thanks almost entirely to Moss.
The snore-inducing lack of real thrills and a storyline that seriously strains believability make Amityville harder to watch than it is to pronounce.
While Green Room goes slightly daft towards the end, the brutality and adrenaline you experience along the way more than make up for it.
The Scream franchise falters with this unconvincing wrap-up to the original trilogy.
To quote B.B. King, "The thrill is gone."
I enjoyed most of the picture, particularly its ending, which much like the rest of the movie, remained pretty dark and pessimistic.
Carl Sandburg once wrote that the fog comes on little cat feet. Director Rupert Wainwright's 'The Fog,' however, clomps around like an elephant in cement boots.
Pitch Black is such a stinker that it makes Twohy's previous sci-fi thriller, The Arrival, look halfway decent.
Jennie Jacques smoulders as a liplicking bad girl but the sad truth is that this below-par horror doesn't dare do anything memorable.
It sure wouldn't surprise me if my fellow horror geeks decided to embrace this one quite enthusiastically.
None of the actors is identified until the very end of the credits; in fact, it would have been a kindness not to name them at all, so I won't here.
The picture justifies the feminist analyses it will inevitably generate. It also offers much disgusting fun.
File Prom Night with those thrillers that make you root for the killer rather than the victims, so annoying and vacuous are the picture's stars
Christensen...is such a fun, wicked, spiteful villainess that she keeps the flick afloat all by herself.
The more the film amps up the action, the more tangible the manifestations get, the less scary and involving the movie becomes.
As the ghoul from the 2012 horror hit stalks a new family, this sequel's sharply well-crafted set-up leaves the hackneyed conclusion feeling very disappointing.
It is a simple and well-known story but sadly this version overcomplicates it to its detriment.
Willow Creek is the best found footage shocker in ages, a statement that speaks volumes about the floundering genre.
The Dark is one of those rare horror films that actually improves as it moves forward.
Not only are the movie's key questions left unanswered, they are left almost entirely unexplored once the cast begins their journey on the trail.
This is good-for-you, arthouse-style horror. Which doesn't mean it's necessarily any good.
Unless you thrill to evildoers getting their comeuppance with a splash of red and no shades of grey, you'd be wise to cleanse yourself of the series.
A spectacular experience, full of bizarre, frightening and beautiful dream logic.
Fearsomely entertaining, consistently thought-provoking and occasionally bloody scary.
It has attitude and a look, but the rats aren't scary.
The cast try hard, but the audience will inevitably feel cheated because of the tried-and-tested format of such a film like this.
It combines found footage with traditional moviemaking. Producer Jason Blum and director Scott Derrickson, these dudes love making us pee ourselves watching bad stuff happen to people on screen.
Truth or Dare is often unintentionally laughable, motivationally confused and largely inept.
Atmospheric, beautifully designed, with a charming storybook quality, Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is the kind of horror you hope teenagers would be into, rather than the latest slasher flick or bit of torture porn.
Romero's sixth foray into the world of zombies shows that both he and the genre have run out of gas. Romero's films have always been noteworthy for their delicate balance of comedy and horror -- one minute he could make us laugh and the next we would be j
With humor taking a backseat to good, old-fashioned suspense, Child's Play is an impressive horror highlight of the late-'80s film scene.
A modestly chilling, drawn out affair in which the characters and possible "scientific explanations" are more interesting than its predictable final destination.
Overall, as a horror fan, even the weakest of movies can still hold a place in my heart and Jason Takes Manhattan is definitely one of them.
A botched sci-fi story about the horror that erupts when televisions suddenly start emitting signals that turn folks into maniacs (maybe we should have gone with Toshiba).
Some nice ideas and a superb central performance from Ethan Hawke, though the film is a little over-reliant on screechy soundtrack noises and clichéd shock moments for its scares.
There's no agenda in Vacancy other than to keep you in a state of nervous collapse for 85 minutes, but [director] Antal fulfills it honorably for the most part.
With such ambitions, it deserves more than such a rote conclusion.
...a sun-drenched, hallucinatory nightmare that doesn't know when to end, or quite what it's trying to say, but is enormously effective (albeit inconsistently) and a giddily uneasy ride into hell.
Insidious: Chapter 3 is a disappointingly prepackaged horror movie.
A movie that was more Snores than Jaws.
I'm sure it will do decent business among the undemanding weekend-horror crowd and Zellweger fans when it eventually sees the light of day. Nobody else need apply.
It induces squirming not because the filmmakers are good at creating suspense, but because they are expert sadists with a $12 million budget.
The smart indie isn't afraid to make Communism the scariest monster of all.
Satan may not hate us, but the film's writer and director, James Felix McKenney, surely does.
The scares are basic and underwhelming, and there's no mounting sense of dread to the danger that the family is supposedly facing.
Peddles gruesomeness of a disgusting rather than frightening order.
This bloody, exploitative mess is the cinematic equivalent of a dumpster fire -- stinky but insignificant.
Pinhead should be eligible for Social Security by now, right?
Poor pacing and a confused screenplay keep this horror-thriller from living up to its potential.
Director Beck loses it, with techno-scored flashbacks (note: techno isn't scary) and blow-up-the-place gimmickry...
Superior to the original film.
Don't wait for this one to come out on video-see it in the theatre and sit close to the screen. Roller coasters are always better at the front.
Minos Nikolakakis' tale of lore and mythos in a Greek village is pat and staid.
A surprising film that could go unnoticed but that surely will not disappoint you, and whether you're fan or not of this type of cinema, certainly we recommend it extensively. [Full review in Spanish]
Pontypool is ultimately a testament to its frequently besieged director's audacity and vision.
A large step down from the original two films, the third is still entertaining and iconic.
I don't know what could make this movie seem dumber. Oh, and it's also a remake of What You Did Last Summer
An insightful kind of stress dream, so close to home for Smith that, even with all its utter ludicrousness, it feels almost confessional.
If the movie works on any credible level, it's as a deranged, surreal experience.
Dracula deserves its status as a classic, although one might be tempted to append the word 'lesser' to that label.
Blood, gore and not much more
How sad it is that humans travel countless light years away from Earth, only to find themselves inhabiting the same tired generic conventions.
How depressing to discover that John Carpenter is the man running this operation. His talent for building and sustaining suspense has now warped into flaccid attempt at fright and ogling ringers for Britney Spears and, in Heard's case, Scarlett Johansson.
Cheapened scare sequences, an ambiguous monstrous myth, transparent characterizations and a mixed bag of a supernatural storyline barely put any Sinister thoughts in our heads worth contemplating.
Great disturbing horror from Cronenberg
It's at least a few corpses shy of the cemetery in terms of horror classics, but it's a game try, and parts of the film are very good indeed.
Luciferina is a slow burn with a couple of lovely horror moments that only really stutters when it offers up unnecessary jump scares and an extraneous villain in a movie that's already about Satan.
The door is left open for a second installment. Okay, I'll bite.
Insidious: Chapter 2 follows the further misfortunes of the Lambert family with diminishing insidious rewards.
The monster movie is back!
Touches upon the frightening fantasy of monsters hidden in the mist and the unsettling reality of monsters walking revealed among us.
One of the creepiest and most overlooked horror movies made in the past decade, featuring a strong, scary turn by Meg Tilly.
... the movie is just a plain old monster.
Haunting in Connecticut made me feel like I was in a padded room. The main core was AWFUL but the two ends were actually pretty entertaining. Wait for the cable viewing.
Smith isn't up to doing anything other than setting up caricatures and then knocking them down.
I See You takes chances that I wish more films of this budget and style would take. It never lets you quite settle into what you think it is or isn't going to be.
maybe i'm crazy but i liked it alot
A delightful throwback to a time when really good horror movies were more interested in the mystery than the special effects.
an interesting and generally entertaining addition to a genre that is often characterized by a lack of creativity and mindless repetition
It proves a disappointment, especially in its time-bending revelations, and even its strong performances and stylish direction can't quite save the experience.
Es justo y necesario que en aras de mantener el éxito que hasta ahora ha tenido la serie, el asesino de la máscara se apuñale a sí mismo
It's been three films since they killed off Jigsaw, the putative psycho-killer of the Saw series of slasher films. So at this point, they literally are beating a dead horse.
Bigfoot lives, but every other element in Exists is DOA.
"[A] teentastic misadventure.."
I can't help feeling that this updating could have been a little more imaginative -- the only wrinkle on the basic plot is that it uses mobile phones.
...Sánchez does a nice job of peppering the proceedings with compelling, suspenseful sequences that elevate the viewer's interest on an ongoing basis.
Goosebumps is a wicked delight, packed full of spooks and scares that should have adults jumping out of their seats almost as often as little ones.
Originality, or lack thereof, isn't really the movie's problem. Execution is.
C'mon Mickey let's put on a show. You can be an outlaw and Judy can be a witch. We can just use some falling down sets and it will all be fun. No, it isn't.
Glossy, gorgeous to look at and filled with 'jump'-in-your-seat moments, this has all the hallmarks of a popcorn horror movie, complete with the ubiquitous shower scene, creepy abandoned cellars and characters' humorous nods to their own stupidity.
It's breathless action from start to finish and a must-see for all schlock-horror fans.
Don't be surprised if a knot sets up residence in your stomach as Peele toys with you.
A thoroughly repulsive science fiction-horror flick that slicks up its B-movie tawdriness with high-gloss production values and two otherwise classy stars.
It's a shame to see what was once such a sharp series go out on such a dull note.
Flawlessly constructed "slow-burn" horror tale
Add in some extreme violence and wonderful performances from the lead actors, and we have a movie that is (arguably) one of the best in the series.
For legitimate frights that don't rely on gore, Grudge 2 fits the bill. Just don't go in expecting to make sense out of the convoluted story, because there isn't any.
SiREN never takes Bruckner's original idea and runs with it, failing to capitalize on a demonic romance that so many V/H/S fans demanded to see more of.
Possum manages to not only push boundaries with its nightmarish imagery, but also find the right narrative journey to justify those scares.
too illogical and lame to do anything but make you mad
there are most things more terrifying than slugs
Clearly, Muschietti had a long list of things he wanted to do and tackle in It Chapter Two - and he did all of it. Unfortunately, the movie didn't need most of it.
Fails to offer even one compelling reason for its pathetic existence.
Further impediments to this film's credibility are the facts that all the actors appear too old to be playing college students and the characters live on a campus that is eerily deserted.
Sometimes a good horror film makes you chuckle.
Guadagnino does at times dip his toe into the same schlocky-horror pool as his predecessor, but his ambitions are so much higher.
A wearisome sequel by returning director Andy Muschietti that runs nearly three hours, paying tedious obeisance to King's overwritten prose.
Neither as bad as you've probably heard, nor is it anywhere near as good as I might have hoped.
If it hadn't been my paying job as a critic to watch Fede Alvarez's remake of Evil Dead all the way to the end, I probably would have headed for the exit door long before the point where somebody cuts off her own arm with an electric carving knife.
The bizarre ending has a resonating factor that helps enhance the film's enjoyment quotient.
Thanks to a deft directorial hand, a wonderful attention to detail and some gloriously entertaining performances, The Others ranks among the best movies of the year.
Beom-sik Jeong's film does not stagnate in the substitutes caused by sudden stridencies; his camera handling is intelligent, credible and the setting is crucial for the development of the story. [Full Review in Spanish]
... a fun, entertaining beast movie with a great transformation sequence, properly gooey and bloody effects, and good performances.
Incredibly tense action-thriller, with superb acting and several iconically grisly moments.
There are the beginnings of a good movie here.
Horror remakes like this one paint all the others with a huge and objectionable brush, because this flick absolutely stinks of half-hearted effort and assembly-line cynicism.
Truly chilling, well-acted, and tense as hell.
David Cronenberg delivers a curiously flat, uninspired adaptation of Stephen King's book starring Christopher Walken doing his mad sorcerer thing.
This is horror hokum of the cheesiest kind. Rent 'Orphan' instead.
In many ways Red Letter Day is a humour heavy, daylight spin on The Purge, one which works well, but could benefit from a longer run time.
It's gruesome, sure, but Begos is hardly your run-of-the-mill grue merchant. He knows how to tighten the screws and, with a tip of the hat to 'Invasion of the Body Snatchers,' ensnarl us in an ever-widening web of paranoia.
Messy, intermittently effective ordeal horror.
Supernova, though predictable, isn't half bad.
It's a five-star one-star movie, combining style and flair with almost no substance whatsoever. As such, it deserves a solid three stars and a hearty thumbs up as this week's most entertaining mainstream release.
The Invasion has a few things to offer both summer-movie audiences and more thoughtful film buffs.
...if the filmmakers could have dispensed with the actors and plot altogether, they might have had a better movie.
"Get Out" will scare you, make you laugh and perhaps make you uncomfortable. It's supposed to.
It just gets sillier and sillier with each passing year.
It's a truly rare thing to come out of a summer blockbuster wishing it were longer, but in its rush to get down to the bare essentials, The Dark Tower loses too much of what makes it unique.
Some genuinely great scares... Fred Gwynne completely and utterly steals the show.
A campy, low-budget Romero homage that's badly in need of editing.
impressionante que 13 Fantasmas tenha sido montado por trs editores, j que a trama (na falta de um termo melhor) flui de maneira absolutamente catica.
There's plenty of potential for spookiness, but before anything interesting happens, the film trips and falls face first into the tangle of loose ends left over from previous sequels.
Besides featuring people we can actually identify with, the film itself is actually pretty terrifying
At a guess, I'd say that Goosebumps will satisfy its core audience - fans of R.L. Stine's popular children's books - and bore pretty much everyone else.
V/H/S/2 is by no means a perfect movie; unlike its first installment, however, its hits far outweighs its misses.
Cabin Fever is an OK 94 minutes of the bathful-of-blood-and-a-bucket-of-giblets school of filmmaking; but if it's any more than that, I'm just not seeing it.
Truth or Dare thought it was up for the challenge of a real game, but ended us losing shortly after it started playing.
The irreverent, self-absorbed humour is tired. The repetition of bringing the old gang back to witness the slashing of newcomers is also tired.
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension plays as dumb as the title sounds.
Iits viciousness does not seem market tested. It is sincere in its merciless plumbing of the outer edges of human cruelty.
Pesce has hired some fine actors and squandered them on a plot that isn't ingenious enough to justify the heartlessness that's all part of the package at this end of the horror movie market.
In a quick 80 minutes, we get the back story, we meet the four core characters (all of the young actors do fine work), get the wits scared out of us about a half-dozen times and wind up with a VERY creepy ending.
It is among the most memorable cinematic ventures in recent years.
Despite the risks Eli takes, at its core the movie is not very good. The performances are expected but competent. The scares are hollow jump-shocks where the score tells you precisely what's coming next.
A definite improvement over the fourth and fifth installments...
Too many plot and character lapses for comfort, even in the traditionally logic-flouting horror genre.
There's no character progression, nothing is explained, yet the audience is assaulted with a ton of pointless exposition, wooden acting, and a hilarious ending that's supposed to be tantalizingly ambiguous but instead reeks of desperation.
The sequel takes the morally hypocritical position of its predecessor's climax as its foundation.
Lacking the cleverness and élan of its title, "The Last Exorcism Part II" is complete crap that somehow manages to give idiotic demonic possession films a bad name.
Wisually stylish and initially suspenseful, but too unevenly paced while deficient in surprises, imagination and palpable thrills.
A remake of "Evil Dead" for everyone to laugh at.
The Harvest is a thriller that's plagued by tonal miscues, weak leading performances, and a complete lack of tension despite the film's dark, seedy nature.
Doomed to have its best scenes mistakenly remembered as parts of better movies.
Like 28 Days Later, this movie boasts a chilling atmosphere. The first film had a nightmarish "Could this really happen?" vibe running through it, boosted by the jittery photography and naturalistic acting. The new movie shares that feeling.
Nicole Kidman stars as a very stunning, gorgeous, beautiful, angelic looking Washington, DC psychiatrist thrust into the middle of a very average horror movie
Much of the horror boils down to heavily underscored jump scares that are neither particularly frightening nor, like the movie as a whole, memorable.
The Dark Red is a smart little film with a more sophisticated understanding of its subject matter and more to say than past stories of this sort might lead you to expect.
Better than the woeful Scream 3, partly thanks to the influx of new faces and the return of Williamson. But really it's more of the same, as the franchise slips further towards total self-parody.
Take me Slender Man, for your calling is more appealing than remaining in this world with the Slender Man movie.
A haunted house movie with a kinky twist. May feel slow to those accustomed to the hyper horror movies of today.
The ultimate payoff doesn't quite equal its heady set-up, but the film is still a nasty little good time.
It's the mythic sort of horror / art film combination that is usually referenced in reviews of films that hew too closely to one of those elements to be successful as both.
This is what happens when a movie series that's stuffed so full of red herrings, movie references, and meta musings about its own plot finally collapses under the weight of its own ridiculousness.
Luis Tosar is electrifying as every tenant's worst nightmare in this deeply unsettling, shrewdly measured slice of Hitchcock.
You can either get angry at having part of your night wasted, or you can heartily laugh and make fun of it on the drive home from the theater.
The old-fashioned good intentions of "Crimson Peak," like the house at the center of the film, quickly get swallowed up by puddles of bright red goo.
Bland. [Full review in Spanish]
This update, however, loses some of its freshness because some of its ideas, scary in the 1980s, have become old hat in our zombie-obsessed times.
If you can sit through Saw II without gagging, gasping or covering your eyes, you are made of stern stuff indeed. And you should seek psychiatric help, since you might be a closet sociopath.
It Chapter Two can be a sprawling, unwieldy mess -- overlong, overstuffed and full of frustrating detours -- but its casting is so spot-on ... the film keeps you hooked.
Even though ​Sinister ​isn't the scariest of them all, it manages to do what any great horror film should aspire to do: leave audiences disturbed.
There's a reach on the part of Abattoir's makers that exceeds their grasp.
A slick, creepy little film that should do well for the careers of Paxton (as a director and an actor), debut screenwriter Brent Hanley and, most of all, youngster O'Leary.
The Devil Inside joins a long, woozy-camera parade of found-footage scare pictures, among them The Blair Witch Project, the Paranormal Activity films and certain wedding videos that won't go away.
There's not much that's insidious, or subtle, here. A prolonged scene involving an unnerving high-pitched burglar alarm does get under our skin. But it's far more annoying than frightening.
Houston, we have a problem. It's called The Astronaut's Wife.
Puppet Master: The Littlest Reich brings puppet carnage and mayhem to insane new heights, unafraid to break every single taboo along their quest to fulfill their Fuhrer's bidding.
The movie's only aspiration is to be a jacked-up re-jiggering of a name-brand horror 'classic.' It sets out to be not just schlock, but pre-chewed schlock.
there are most things more terrifying than slugs
An American remake of the Spanish horror movie '[Rec]' that adopts the same basic recipe, but removes any hint of flavour or texture, reducing cutting-edge Catalan cuisine to bland, bite-sized McNuggets.
Some inventive individual moments aside, Captivity is off-puttingly derivative and clumsily written.
oh so boring
Watered down studio schlock.
There's nothing here that's remotely spooky or creepy or compelling. This is simply one of the most inert horror films I've ever seen.
The Stepfather makes use of a classic fairy tale device--the false parent--but it turns out to have a powerful effect upon one's involvement with the characters.
Filmmaker Alex Aja is a dab hand with the gore, and it's only too bad you've already seen most of the movie's good stuff in the trailers and advertisements.
Levinson knows his way around a story, and "The Bay" benefits greatly from that, coming together as something more than a high-tech parlor trick.
Surprisingly provocative 50's sci-fi that goes beyond the thrilling spider battle
This is why I love post-apocalyptic movies...
It's junk, too, and while maybe it's not as much fun as the original, neither does it disgrace its parent.
Once it finally gains momentum, it's not too bad. It's a bit like an old-fashioned whodunit but with werewolves. If only it knew what it wanted to be.
It's certainly a cut above the standard late-'80s horror film, though hardly up to the level of Tobe Hooper's original.
The film's fatal flaw is that its creators clearly wanted to duplicate the formula behind the game-changing success of Get Out but lacked adequate imagination.
A minor Del Toro, perhaps, but a must for his fans.
Sad but true, this is one film that will be remembered as no more than a footnote in the grand scheme of Wes Craven's career.
The excellent first sequel to It's Alive expands the concept of the original and finds a more-confident Larry Cohen behind the camera.
A bargain-bin cockadoodie pseudo-Misery, a disgraceful waste of the brilliant Octavia Spencer. Has no interest in women's pain and trauma even as it appropriates it for entertainment purposes.
It was probably asking too much to hope that Zombie would come up with a film that would live up to the high standards of the original, but what he has given us is so completely worthless that it pales in comparison to "Halloween: Resurrection"
... the real special effects here are Townsend and Perez, who are decidedly unconventional and whose lively scenes together come with a homoerotic campiness that seems straight out of The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
...the film...devolves...into...standard slasher movie fare.
mostly boring
The Dark Tower is a fun fantasy that evokes a 1980s adventure vibe, and feels like a close cousin to the popular Netflix series Stranger Things.
The script blends human psychology with scientific speculation and has genuine interest until it goes on autopilot with one of the chase scenes Hollywood now permits few films to end without.
Franco showcases interesting techniques that never find the right rhythm... The constant shifting of tone is distracting from what he [Franco] does well here.
More than worthy entertainment thanks to the power of new technologies. [Full review in Spanish]
Joins the canon of "under siege" movies ... not with louder bangs, scarier invaders or more bloodshed but with originality, wit and subversion.
Portals ensures connective tissue unites worldwide events within each localized story, but loses the inherent variety of anthology freedoms in doing so.
This movie is just a lot of people staring at each other by the light of a fire.
A strange synergy of old and new, My Bloody Valentine 3D blends cutting-edge technology and old-school prosthetics to produce something both familiar and alien: gore you can believe in.
A moody, scary, often exceptional film that tries so hard to keep the viewer at a distance that it actually succeeds too well.
Even more than Hereditary, Midsommar lives on the edge where horror meets absurdity, prompting the kind of laughter that comes from not knowing how else to respond.
Un film de acción y suspenso moderadamente entretenido, en el que el terror va invadiendo lo cotidiano. Hay algunas connotaciones políticas algo cuestionables, pero no da para tomárselas demasiado en serio.
The tension missing from recent installments is back, thanks to an inventive narrative that manages to tie up the ever-evolving saga's loose ends.
This is a lifeless, workmanlike project; all tension has been leeched away. Also, it's in color.
It's hard to imagine a film that feels more of the moment than The Invisible Man. Smart and scary in equal measure, it sets the new gold standard for remaking classic horror properties.
Only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives, still with the boiler suit and white mask, which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry.
While a tad derivative, Saw shows promise of better things to come from Whannell's imagination and Wan's composition.
For much of British director Peter Strickland's Berberian Sound Studio, not much actually happens. But for the devoted cinephile, it's utterly entrancing.
Plays out in such a high, trilling key of baroque anxiety it's both jumpy and ludicrous.
Halloween H20 is yet another sequel that cannot match up to the glories of its precursor and, in fact, is considerably less hair-raising than recent horror films like Scream, Scream 2, and even Mimic.
... la finale la + audacieuse d'un film hollywoodien depuis des années.
Garrone recognises the anarchy and delirium in the fairy-tale tradition, and that anarchy and delirium, properly orchestrated, can do us good.
It wasn't the finale I had wanted, relying mostly on unimpressive revisions on previous films attempting to create a series-spanning plot against one man.
In a year that's looking to have a very strong lineup of horror and genre movies, it's very likely that The Cabin in the Woods will come out the king of the hill.
While this isn't the story we're used to, Whannell's The Invisible Man might just be the story we need.
More than 30 years after its release, The Stepfather doesn't hold up quite as well as it did during the late 1980s... but it still generates tension and suspense and O'Quinn's performance has lost none of its power.
Drag Me to Hell is plenty frightening and the effects pass the gross-out test two times over. But this screenplay includes some signature comedic moments that play with the genre and its tired cliches to create something much more interesting.
The film seems to mimic [Professor] Coupland's scientific method: Throw everything into the beaker, crank up the Bunsen burner, and hope the experiment works. In both cases, it doesn't.
It's the plotting, including a number of unexpected twists and turns throughout, that raises the film above the expected blood fest and for that, we must be grateful.
Here's hoping we'll eventually see more of the Warrens, as they're a hard act to top when it comes to supernatural investigators.
Hostel is a screaming good time, marred only by a lazy ending.
Phenomena (a.k.a. Creepers) provides what is alternately Argento's most batty and spiritual landscape.
Incredibly dreary horror opus.
...we never get to know the victims well enough to allow any real suspense to develop about their deaths. If she's young and pretty, expect her to die.
It takes it's lean formula and creates as rich a story as possible, while creating some interesting new wrinkles
corny and overblown
G is for Gimmick. But gimmicks are not necessarily a bad thing.
No acting, no pulse-pounding suspense, no humor or vicarious visceral thrills. There's a story, here, and not on the screen. It's about what happened to a once-fine filmmaker that brought him this low.
It's an undeniably revolting concept, but most of the actual gore would be matched by your average pre-watershed medical shock doc.
This isn't "The Dark Tower." This is a small, sad pile of rubble - the foundation to a franchise you can only hope is never built.
Evokes a period in time before Ritalin and common sense.
Insidious: The Last Key fulfills my wish of learning more about Elise, but it is still probably the weakest installment of the franchise.
A dark and dismal disappointment that's best left to the Goth crowd.
You get the idea that "The Lords of Salem" would be a lot scarier if you could tell what was going on.
Sometimes you just like a movie even though it kind of sucks.
The latest example of how creativity can make up for an obvious absence of Hollywood money.
Moderately diverting thriller that builds suspense and entertains effectively.
Aussie filmmaker Byrne merges teen romance and torture horror genres to unsettling effect with this pitch black comedy. And as a result, he finds a surprising level of drama within the violence.
The twist ending is one of the most obvious ever put on film, but Crawford's campy histrionics and some neat stylistic flourishes make this worthy entertainment.
This strange, ambitious genre movie is notable for its huge cast of horror icons from the 1970s, '80s, and '90s, but it's more horrifying than scary and not always good, though certainly interesting.
Here's hoping we don't have to wait another ten years for The Strangers to go hunting again.
Flawed yet fascinating.
Shutter, which attempts to do for cameras what The Ring did for videocassettes, what Pulse did for computers, and what The Grudge did for grudges.
Ah, skip it.
Rather than using the extended running time to dig deep into these characters, director Andy Muschietti, who also directed the original, piles on the frights in a manner that builds to an ending drenched in hysteria.
While frustratingly vague in terms of character and motivation, The Possession is among the more competent of recent studio horror efforts. If only that wasn't the best thing I could say about it.
Teaming Collins with ants is pure Bert I. Gordon.
There is nothing particularly clever to make all the bloodshed -- and time spent in the theater -- worth it.
The tagline for Identity is -- 'Identity is a killer.' Oh, it's a killer. It'll kill 90 minutes of your time and a few brain cells not to mention $8.50 of your hard earned cash.
What this film really needs is a good exterminator, or a better director.
The chilling and relevant film Land tried to be, but never quite was.
Not only one of the most novel "home invasion" movies you'll ever see, but easily one of the best horror flicks of the year.
As it is, Mandy Lane feels bogus and compromised: an unreconstructed horror romp in the guise of a nerdish intellectual.
A good, scary film.
Watching it is as appealing as being force-fed warm diarrhoea.
By the end, it becomes what it initially parodies: a dime-a-dozen slasher film with a silly-looking doll as the villain.
A deeply silly horror movie.
David Cronenberg's direction -- his first mainstream job, after Videodrome -- is apt and creepy, though the story never really goes as far as it could have. Still, it's a creepy little mystery, especially for a King flick.
This is a series that went back to what made it work so well... a game that you wouldn't want to play yourself, but you have to know how it ends.
There's a sense of overkill-no pun intended-that stops being drive-in fun and becomes exhausting.
Neasa Hardiman's latest feature is a triumph in atmospheric horror. Sea Fever is a thrilling ride that excites and frightens. It's a slow burn, or more like a slow drowning, that's bound to make you seasick.
The script's hyperactivity distracts enough from the fact that its musings on class conflict are underdeveloped at best.
Another horror movie about a little girl possessed by a demon? Seriously?
Not as unsettling as the recent Last House on the Left remake or as transcendent as the French-Canadian thriller 7 Days. It's just a depraved cartoon played with a straight face.
Lazy, perfunctory and free of tension, the new version will satisfy neither the admirers of the original nor anyone looking for a gory respite from seasonal good cheer.
An uncommon combination of cerebral thrills and popcorn action.
In spite of the film's few flaws, Saw II remains a worthy sequel - if only for Bell's wonderfully entertaining performance and the jaw-dropping finale.
full review at Movies for the Masses
I preferred Chucky being demon possessed rather than a computer glitch - and bring back Brad Dourif as the voice of Chucky.
...most of the pleasures the movie offers are visceral, from the silken roar of character actor McHattie's FM shock jock voice and the bloody meltdown of a production assistant to the bizarro epilogue appended to the credits.
...gets bloodier as it goes along, substituting close-up gore for horror, grossness for fright. (Unrated Edition)
Truth or Dare feels like a poorly written episode of Pretty Little Liars, with only a slight increase in the effects budget.
I got the feeling that a whole lot of talented people had gone and wasted their time on a project too bland to be worth it.
It's great fun, combining live action with top-notch computer animation, and I enjoyed it enormously.
We never actually see the cannibals eat anybody, which leaves me to wonder: Are they really cannibals, or just slightly carnivorous pack rats? We may never know the answer and we will probably never care. Completely forgettable.
One of the damndest creative collaborations to hit movies since Laurence Olivier and Marilyn Monroe pretended to vamp each other in "The Prince and the Showgirl."
It's viscous, and vicious, a twisted, oddly poignant collision of midnight-movie yucks and coming-of-age turmoil.
Instead of really being scary, the film made me think of something that has troubled me since: don't movie characters watch movies?
The special effects are quite chintzy, Sam Peckinpah casts barely a shadow of humanity - and then there's the teeming flock of birds. This is Cheez Whiz that barely cuts it as a cult staple.
One day in an office somewhere near Hollywood: "Hey, I've got an idea, let's rip off the plot of The Ring, but with a scary dude in a forest instead of that kid in the well!"
Tusk is a movie I like and would never recommend, which is actually par for the course when it comes to most of Kevin Smith's creative output.
Irony is a popular pose struck throughout these shorts, which are less revealing of the existentialist despair that death often rouses than they are of their makers' prejudices.
Ready Or Not is an exquisite horror comedy heavy on familial dysfunction, heavier on gameplaying brutality, and always a reminder that Samara Weaving deserves to be the biggest of megastars.
The Gallows is a terrible film. That is all you need to know.
While no entry in the franchise has surpassed the original film, this Halloween sequel is truly a cut above the rest and a great piece of horror entertainment even for those unfamiliar with the series.
A classic case of sophomore slump, where a clever well-developed idea is diluted by trying to expand on it in order to build a franchise.
This is a self-consciously silly, completely disposable multiplex movie that does its best to deliver its fair share of chills while struggling to keep a straight face.
... here's hoping that Truth or Dare tanks and we don't have to endure a spate of horror films based on innocuous party games.
What a wild premise to be both intrigued and grossed out by.
Has the confidence and capability to wriggle under your skin and freak you out for 98 minutes, if not torment your dreams in the dark of night.
Such a vile and despicable heap of trash that I pity any lucid person who will actually pay decent money to sit through it.
With a tiresomely reworked script, wooden performances and cliched tropes, it's a film which relies solely on some infrequent but inspired visuals considering its limited scope and budget.
Ultimately, what makes Tusk work is its willingness to revel in what makes it ridiculous as well as terrifying.
Barker's vision cribs equally from the mythos of vampires and zombies, but Hellraiser's overriding ridiculousness (and nagging budgetary shortcomings) can't disguise the fact that the movie is at least unwittingly a product of the AIDS crisis.
Despite fizzling into conventional drama, much of Mama is pretty creepy.
The first act's filler, otherwise it's a squirmer. Bring a bucket.
Clever Hammer entry.
What [Wes Craven] wound up with was a witless stab-the-teen time-waster that could be his worst film ever. And considering 2005's wretched Cursed, that's pretty bad.
For hopeful adolescents and hopeless romantics alike, this bizarrely quaint love story (adapted from the first of a best-selling series of books by Stephenie Meyer) will play the heartstrings like a harp.
I saw Saw, I saw Saw II, and I have lived to tell about it. Aren't you glad?
This is even better than the last film.
The weakest kind of equivocal garbage.
The First Purge is a movie that tries to keep a dead franchise alive and only seeks to obtain more financial gain. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's more Kramer vs. Kramer than Jennifer vs. the Dead Kid in the Sink... still, too-familiar territory lacking an original ghost story.
Se algum chega por trs de voc e o assusta com um grito, voc parabeniza a pessoa por sua inteligncia e senso artstico? Se 'sim', timo: considere este filme um clssico.
The Wolfman is uninspired, barely coherent and often remarkably boring; it is a mongrel of a film, and the scars of its troubled production are all too visible.
Natali [takes] his film down some dark and disturbing paths, and even if you're not overly keen about the destination, you have to commend him for daring to go there.
Very different to her last film, Danishka Esterhazy proves the breadth of her directorial range. The Banana Splits is a fun-filled, cacophony of zany deaths and characters, that plays out as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory for grown-ups.
So creepily obsessed with the specifics of torture and pain that it's not much fun.
...allows the ghoulies themselves to take center stage.
Unpleasant, vicious, and mean-spirited, Incident in a Ghostland ... sets horror back and gives credence to those who decry the genre as misogynistic and regressive.
For all its genre appropriate flourishes and gory craftsmanship which defies the theatrical release date in which its studio abandoned it, Pesce has little wiggle room to revitalize a familiar story.
An efficiently made thriller, cheerfully gruesome, and finally not quite worth the ordeal it puts us through.
There's plenty going on even when the plot gets choppy.
The worst horror is that the dark ending suggests a franchise in the making.
Saw II is bound to give fans of the original a real buzz.
Gnawing dread? No. Just gnawing.
The sweet, angelic face of Heather O'Rourke swirled together with viscous, ectoplasmic demons and food abominations make for an uncomfortable yet unforgettable movie watching experience
Personally, I found the remake weaker than the original (which was only vaguely interesting anyway; then again, it's pretty much the same movie).
Although it doesn't quite know how to round off its triptych of narratives, the film leaves you almost entirely sated, and invigorated by fresh and fantastical vistas too rarely visited by cinema outside the mind of Tim Burton.
Every expense, basically, has been spared that might have imbued Annabelle with formidable qualities as an agent of evil. She's just a glorified prop, an excuse for bad things to happen to uninteresting people.
A suspense-free step-down.
Fans of the book should be pleased as it captures the emotional weight, horror, and the terror of childhood trauma and how it manifests into adulthood.
Wisely doesn't drift into full-blown body horror, always keeping itself tuned in to grander themes and scientific ponderings
It's an overlong carnival for the senses, and that's in addition to Pennywise continuing to give clowns like Bongo Bonzo and Catty Watty a bad name.
Time and time again gothic murder mystery melts uncomfortably into hammy melodrama, as we jump from scenes of graphic violence and gore to a world of hoary double entendres, randy midgets and Eddie Marsan in an ill-fitting bald cap.
I would rather go to Hell than sit through that movie again.
Compared to the first, it has a better sense of mood, expert shot placement and some actual jokes. You want to give it the benefit of the doubt; you also respect it enough to be honest and say it doesn't really work.
A série Resident Evil também se transformou em um morto-vivo. E já está devorando os cérebros de seus espectadores.
Delivers a knockout punch of violence that should have some cheering and others chewing their dinner back down.
Midsommar tests our patience more than once before delivering some seriously grisly and wonderfully twisted material in the final act.
Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark successfully executes a film for a new generation of horror lovers while giving fans of the book the nostalgia they crave.
It Follows is a classy, scary horror show: Pass it on.
All in all JC-2 has enough going for it for me to recommend.
The very core of this kind of teen summer schlock, Wish Upon will only be remembered as a laughable neighbor to the Wishmaster series.
The first act is a masterstroke of suspense and terror. What follows is a confounding resolve that borders on absurd. Us had me initially spellbound, then frankly disappointed by the bewildering reveals.
Raimi embraces hoary clichés like Gypsy curses and gateways to Hades in this cautionary tale for financial professionals.
Rob Letterman's mile-a-minute, edge of your seat, raucously funny Goosebumps confirms that the 1990s petrifier of children is alive and kicking.
A hugely significant and relevant piece of horror history for a multitude of reasons.
It may not be entertainment per se, but as a work of art, and as a second step forward in a promising career, it's absolutely cinema that's worth engaging with.
Anyone can trace a Picasso.
Filmmakers keep coming back to this murder and its aftermath, but few can find a compelling story to tell. That remains the case here.
Where the story leads is so disappointing-and hackneyed-it makes the entire journey feel like an enormous waste of time.
Expectations of originality soon cloud over, leading towards the kind of quick ending at 97 minutes which kills any sign of blue sky thinking.
Conventional yet disturbing...
This despicable remake of the despicable 1978 film I Spit on Your Grave adds yet another offense: a phony moral equivalency.
Relying on obvious clichés doesn't seem ironic anymore, just easy. And though there are several genuine jolts, poor pacing leaves too much time between the silliness and scares.
If it's Grand Guignol you're after, here's where you'll find it.
For all its strained attempts at sensationalism, From Hell comes across as little more than a slasher flick in Masterpiece Theatre costumes.
You know you're in trouble when Jon Bon Jovi is the most impressive actor in the bunch.
A grievously ill-advised motion picture on every level ...
commits the crime of being totally and utterly tiresome.
S&Man is interested in the horror film in general as a perverse bridge between the genders.
The experiences and stories - which have all been gathered from the US and UK - are extremely similar and, while initially frightening, the effect is quickly eroded by repetition.
Directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman didn't invent the Paranormal Activity formula, but they sure do spice it up!
The Endless beats the drum for magnetic, riveting indies built on asking questions with the utmost curiosity (and hard genre thrills to boot).
And in this world, vampires have no fangs, they don't sleep and they...well, they sparkle in the sun. Sigh. Glittery vampires. Pretty sparkly ones that don't have fangs.
While the whole adventure might flaunt an occasional reach or two, Peele's initial set up, as well as some revelations that follow the sheer terror of that first introduction, show up quite unexpectedly.
Russell and Hamilton convince as the initially skeptical parents who come under suspicion from neighbors, but are eclipsed by the subtle performance of Dakota Goyo as their troubled eldest son.
Because The Silence sticks to the creature-feature plot structure established by The X-Files, I enjoyed it well enough.
Sea Fever is an unnerving thriller about an invisible threat bringing out the intelligence and ignorance of people.
Der Samurai asks more questions than it answers, and is stronger for it.
Annabelle Comes Home is the best Conjuring spinoff movie, which is damning with faint praise.
Clever, entertaining, and thought-provoking, a purely original thriller that is able to stand on its own two feet.
...the lowest-of-the-low in terms of direct-to-streaming horror flicks...
Neither of the actors is particularly strong and some scenes are clumsily handled but this only contributes to the gutterheart sensibility of a film that is considerably more enjoyable than it ought to be.
If the movie's attic-bound climax is a little predictable and the plot holes rather gaping, The Stepfather, unlike many of its more prestigious A-class competitors, is never less than entertaining.
If you're going to a horror movie, it's because you want to be scared senseless. In this regard, they don't come better than [REC].
One of a handful of sequels that both improve on their sources and play perfectly as stand-alones.
Red Riding Hood is a fantasy fairy tale with a twist of Twilight, but it doesn't quite come together, despite some striking images and a strong performance from Seyfried.
For a film about erotomania, Prom Night is a curiously flaccid affair.
Like a giant gob of peanut butter without any bread, McCarthy's film is an empty smother of tense disquiet that tastes fine, but sticks to the roof of the mouth.
Still/Born may not cleverly shake themes about like Prevenge - morphing motherhood fears into something unexpected - but that doesn't weaken messages.
...it's just as clear that the lack of horrific happenings within the movie's first half is sure to test the patience of certain viewers.
If this is the way Craven is headed, we should be mourning the loss of a true talent.
A post modern cross between The Omega Man and Night of the Living Dead
As a big Coscarelli fan, I still have to ask .. "What the hell's goin' ON here?"
Chock-full of gleeful nastiness, The Witches also retains a clear focus on its young audience, often with a mouse-view of the world.
Even though God is actually mentioned in the closing, special-thanks credits, dude couldn't unfortunately work His/Her magic and prevent this film from being the uneven, preposterously out-of-control wreck that it is. Can the church say "Amen"?
Compared with so many of the rebooted slasher flicks, Scream 4 remains a cut above. No, that is not an intended pun.
A caffeine-free horror that's just as dull, disappointing and dispiriting as attending a real high school prom.
[It Chapter Two's] entertaining and proper creepy throughout, but it would've been nice if it had taken time to slow down here and there.
I'm absolutely convinced that the pickaxe is the ideal weapon for a 3-D horror.
The perfect throwback to old school horror and the nostalgia of sitting around a campfire and telling stories to freak each other out.
Moviegoers looking for a unique horror-thriller experience, who find the "real time" premise intriguing, are likely to enjoy Silent House in spite of its flaws.
The dude behind Donnie Darko and kid from Richmond's South Side has crafted the kind of movie that will have some diggin' its trippy cosmic karma, and others trashing its gimmick gone wild.
Intruders is a thriller hybrid that goes a long way and it is definitely worth the watch.
Applying 'criticism' to 'Freddy vs. Jason' isn't just tedious - it's pointless.
Suspiria is a gentle drift through some unsettling ideas about gender, destiny and evil that intellectualizes them into abstractions. It's interesting, sure, and occasionally quite striking... but it's never as upsetting as it wants to be, or as profound.
...just another English-language remake of yet another incomprehensible Japanese horror movie.
Impossible to follow.
...an easily forgettable film. [Full Review in Spanish]
Marshall aims simply to scare the bejesus out of audiences with scenes of shocking brutality and mayhem that linger long after the credits roll.
For what it is and the era in which it was forged, Child's Play is a solid scary movie.
Were it not for sudden blasts of Dolby fury, there would be nothing to provide shocks, let alone scares. What terrifies most is the complete and utter lack of plot.
This stylishly-shot psycho-thriller from Sean Ellis is a creditable stab at the horror genre, but it lacks pace and plot. There's not enough blood 'n' gore for horror fans, while thriller admirers may find it too slow.
The First Purge is as schlocky and ham-fisted as the Purge films before it, yet its political subtext justifies the franchise's continued existence.
Creepy, fun Universal programmer featuring a bevy of beasties
I KNEW I had seen this somewhere before.
Dialogue-sparse but atmosphere-rich, The Wind hangs its ominous hat on a marvelously rattled performance from Caitlin Gerard.
A strong sense of boredom-inducing familiarity permeates Slender Man despite its best efforts to texture the central characters' friendships and infuse relevance via a clumsy emphasis on social media and cellphone culture.
You may well have concluded that these people have too much time on their hands but some of the arguments are strangely persuasive and Room 237 will fascinate film buffs.
The Gallows is a lazy and incompetent production on just about every level, from the writing and directing to the acting and the camerawork.
It's eminently watchable, more than a little chilling and a league and a half better than most of its kind.
Sort of like 'Before Sunrise,' but with tentacles.
There's no escaping that Dominion is finally an act of commercial scavenging.
"The Sacrament" is strong stuff, a concise, provocative exhibition of how the words of one individual can pull such an influentially harmful sway over a group of vulnerable people searching for purpose.
In its best moments, Hellions is interesting and perplexing and worth soaking in, in the sense that one would admire a Hieronymus Bosch-inspired painting. But without at least one foot on the ground, it doesn't inspire fear.
Bertino, who comes off as more of a veteran behind the camera than a rookie, gives the film its own identity by slowly building up the action instead of jumping into everything in a hurry.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo provides a relentlessly tense pace that eerily captures the unpredictability of the zombie attacks. When it was over, I walked out of the theater with frayed nerves.
The 3D is bad. The acting is bad. The kills and torture sequences are mediocre. The ending is underwhelming. Do you really want to spend $15 dollars to see this movie?
It's creepy, it has great acting, a unique storyline, and it is the kind of film you can discuss with people long after it's over and still find new things to talk about.
The denouement is a letdown, but the faux-documentary premise brings a fresh twist to a tired horror subgenre.
A power-packed performance by Lupita Nyong'o, as both Adelaide and Red, is the soul of the film. The
Fairly scarily fun.
It could have been David Cronenberg meets Todd Solondz, but ends up more of a cautionary cartoon on things you shouldn't try at home.
Blair Witch undoubtedly passes the scare test, as for any apprehensions that may exist, what isn't in question is the sheer consistency of the scares.
It's okay to crank everything up to 11, but you gotta know when to tone it back down.
We have to assume, even hope, that a movie this bad will finally wring the death knell for found footage horror... but sadly we'd probably be wrong.
A psychological thriller set in the underbelly of webcam pornography, Cam is a devilishly fun thrill ride not to be missed.
Hard to do worse than this extremely gory mess.
It's really chilling.
As if climate change weren't worrying enough, studies show it's leading to an uptick in the production of cheesy German-language monster flicks.
Certainly nothing brilliant, but King fans may find something to enjoy.
An outrageous horror crowd-pleaser rocking a delicious villainous turn for Octavia Spencer.
an elegant little flick, both creepy and atmospheric, that tells its tale of hubris and good intentions gone wrong with a studied seriousness
Colorful, well written, messed up, and disturbing - but also visually fascinating, which is what Ari Aster does best.
There is a kind of horror movie that bashes you in the head, and there is a kind of horror movie that creeps into your imagination. "Mama" is in the latter family.
admirable simplicity with an all-enveloping mood
If you're looking for outright scares, you might be disappointed; for a slasher, Happy Death Day is also very light on bloodshed. But it's got real heart - for a film about death, it's surprisingly life-affirming.
Though the final revelation of who's behind the malevolent forces at work feels hackneyed, and the denouement is excessively talky, these flaws don't spoil what is a deftly executed film.
Something like a trippy grindhouse homage whose familiar images are refracted through a prism of blacklight posters, Jodorowsky films, and even Rob Zombie's grungy psychotropic sensibility.
A preposterous supernatural thriller that inexplicably managed to sign up Julianne Moore to star.
A character study descends into a generic crime novel, complete with a final twist that simply isn't believable.
Not a very lucid piece of filmmaking.
Annabelle doesn't bring a single new idea to the screen, and most of the scares are of the jump-shock variety. But some of the old standbys still work.
Impressively shot and superbly acted, this is an intriguing change of direction from Kevin Smith that's interesting enough to scrape a pass, even if it doesn't always work.
By the time the final twists and turns came to play I almost had to be nudged awake, the whole enterprise becoming so routine any chance of surprise or suspense is lost virtually from the very first frame.
Whilst the effects are spot-on and Levy gives a performance that could define her career, the film never quite nails what made the originals such classics.
Uncle Sam may never be widely considered as a classic horror flick, but it's leaps and bounds better than the usual crap that's shoved down our throats.
tedious ... like an "unrated" DVD version of itself
When you don't care what happens to these people, it really takes away from the horror element.
Raimi mastered the art of the screeching, zombie hag in The Evil Dead, and 28 years and three Spider-Mans later, he's still got it.
Murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous.
It's a movie that whenever all else fails (regularly here) sends for the digital effects team.
Nothing says fun at the cinema like a movie that makes metaphorical the radioactive rot of cancer treatment and the primordial terror of mutating into your own parents.
Dark City is quite a rarity: it is both visceral and cerebral at once.
Mancini writes and directs the movie like everyone cares deeply about these people coming back when all we may kind of be interested in is Chucky going on a killing spree.
As good as these performances are, Us is undoubtedly a film carried by its female characters and the brilliant actresses playing them.
While a substantial early portion of Don't Knock Twice may feel a bit familiar, it quickly finds its feet and settles into a nice spooky groove that fans of indie/import horror will be sure to appreciate.
The acting is so generic and dead that they might as well have poured hot wax on all the characters in the first scene.
Watching people land on the moon isn't all that interesting or photogenic, especially when we know it's pretend.
Just another slasher picture.
The movie has few surprises for lifelong horror fans, but it'll keep them (or us -- I count myself in their number) happily diverted for just under 90 minutes.
The Stir of Echoes team of Bacon and Koepp reunite for the haunted house thriller. The frights are sparse but it manages to get under your skin.
This post-epidemic survival horror is the zombie-thrasher Resident Evil wanted to be
The Conjuring is a masterclass in absolute terror that's destined to become a classic within the genre.
This is the Texas chainsaw massacre, not the Texas chainsaw misunderstanding. Nothing castrates a bogeyman like cheap-Freud psychology, and Leatherface possesses no greater power than a hulking professional-wrestling heel. A low point in American horror.
Should have torn down the house after the first movie.
It is deadly serious, but carries with it an echo or ghost of how this same material could have been played as ironic black comedy.
Great. So now, along with being spooked by claps, dolls and nuns, I'm tisantaphobic too. Thanks for everything, James Wan.
A money grab about pop-up scares and bloated special effects.
Man does not life by gore alone, and if he did he'd take the B.C.-shot Slither any day.
... a brazen mix of Brit-Grit, Pulp Fiction and The Wicker Man ... Wheatley's second feature is definitely fated for horror cult-dom. It not only stands up under repeat viewings, it demands them.
A nauseating experience on every level.
Bacon's performance is what makes it more than just another dead-person-walking-the-earth story. Bacon is truly a man possessed.
Put an oddball in an odd movie and he's neutralized -- just another eccentric element.
Daniel Isn't Real is a shocking force to be reckoned with. The film is disturbing, fantastical, and all-around an hour and 40-minute ride that thrills beyond expectation.
Good ghost story ... genuinely creepy.
By shaving the plot and motivation to almost nothing, director Marcus Dunstan is pretty much fessing up his understanding that all anybody was ever interested in in the Saw films is the torture porn.
Sets you up for 'predictability' in both the western and horror departments, and then subverts those expectations time and again.
No longer just gruesome but also morally bloodied, this franchise about games of death aimed at those who need to understand the value of life - grinds along, wringing out whatever cash is left in the original idea.
An older Andy faces society's will for youth to conform to the capitalist existence that is modern adulthood, and also must deal with the pressures of toxic masculinity.
... looks luscious but feels as though a whole lot of story got lost between the page and the screen.
See, good talent can still make bad films.
[Leaves] you with nothing more than a few poke-y moments and wistful memories of Piranha 3D.
It's a pleasure to wrestle with Us.
The film uses every contrived scary-movie trick to jar the audience -- doors suddenly blow open, a hand reaches out in the middle of the woods and characters fumble around in the dark.
It doesn't just serve as a perfect continuation to the first, but is also an affectionate, modern day love letter to classic horror cinema.
It wasn't the finale I had wanted, relying mostly on unimpressive revisions on previous films attempting to create a series-spanning plot against one man.
Just icky.
Doesn't do much to free itself from the trappings of the anime genre, which one supposes isn't necessarily a bad thing for actual anime fans. But for the rest of us? That's more nightmare than dream come true.
A work of smooth confidence and a humane, dimensionally human brand of horror.
In a stunning turnaround, Muschietti improves on the failures of It in practically every aspect.
Filled with moments of gripping suspense, uneasy stillness and gut-wrenching silence, Don't Breathe is a surprisingly entertaining entry into the home-invasion subgenre.
There's a lot here that's worth checking out, and that far outweighs the issues I had with it.
The film uses the power of suggestion to deliver its chills. Disturbing, but not necessarily in-your-face scary, there is a lot to appreciate about The Witch - you just have to give it a chance.
the ongoing slaughter is just so much screen time that passes so dully as to qualify as audience torture worse than anything these characters suffer, and their suffering involves a chainsaw at one point
Us is a magnificent achievement that will reward diligent rewatching and debate for years to come.
Those Olsens and their houses, huh?
With a mediocre first film, a promising sequel and a rock-bottom third, the latest movie is a flittering sign of hope because it manages to be mediocre rather than terrible.
A routine sci-fi/horror action-adventure, takes us where we've been countless times before.
A real baying-at-the-moon gorefest, unusual both for its savagery and for a half-decent performance from Hartnett.
A modern day attempt at Hitchcock that, despite a couple of misfires, succeeds overall.
While the film does posses its share of admittedly cheap jump scares - those masks! - Prey at Night gets far more traction from its mood, its pacing, and its overall skillful filmmaking than many other horror films of its ilk.
What a shameless, awlful follow-up to one of horror's greatest moments
...buried deep within this mess, there are signs of a good movie struggling to get out...But, when all is said and done, the good aspects just go to show how bad this film was gutted.
It's hard to recommend Ready or Not whole-heartedly as some might love the film's darkly comedic nature more than others ... I can totally see how this might be deemed a cult classic over time.
The Invisible Man is a smart, gripping, and downright scary take on a story many of us know so well. The film proves, yet again, that Leigh Whannell is one of the most exciting filmmakers in the genre today.
A wholly unpredictable romp which culminates in a wonderfully bonkers third act.
suffers from the whole "first chapter in a franchise no one is asking for" syndrome
An "Amityville Horror" for a new century (and a far better movie than that 1979 hit), yet firmly rooted, without being slavish or self-conscious, in the visual language of 1970s filmmaking.
Luca Guadagnino's Suspiria remake is an outlandishly theatrical and grotesque take on the cult classic original film. Kinetic body horror mixed with surprisingly feminist undertones make for a fresh interpretation of the source material.
The Gallows is a complete mess and only worth watching if you have an odd fascination of staring at floors while characters run away in a panic
Paying homage to the horror movies of the past while creating a modern-day drama steeped in realism, Boyle has created something truly unique.
The star player here is Anderson, who proves that he can do his job even when other members of the creative team don't.
A breakout star last year for her work in "Martha Marcy May Marlene," Olsen spends most of the film hiding under furniture.
30 Days of Night amounts to two hours of missed opportunities.
A palpably terrifying experience that will haunt you for days. It should be watched on the big screen in a crowded theater. Bring on number 4!
( ... ) you might want to imagine I'm wielding a chainsaw that's making the noise rrrrrrrrrrrLLLLLLLLL! And that, as I write, I'm chopping up the three scriptwriters and three story writers on the grounds of over-manning (ditto, nine producers).
It's a Nightmare on Elm Street movie as badly written and performed as a Friday the 13th movie.
By the time the killer's identity is finally revealed you'll be amazed at how screenwriters make big bucks penning lines like, "Who the hell lit the house on fire? Shit!"
A gruesome guilty pleasure horror film, with Peck and Remick slumming, but being earnest in their performances.
A good deal better than the average Hollywood horror film, but 28 Weeks Later doesn't have the inventiveness, originality or intelligence that made its predecessor one of the top horror pictures of the past five years.
This is a flawless horror movie.
This is pretty good stuff: an entertaining and reasonably frightening thriller that, quite shamelessly, makes you laugh and jump almost at the same time.
For the horror buff or indie film fan, this is a great example of something, well, off the beaten path.
If you're fascinated with butcher work and chopped up corpses, this is the movie for you.
The demonic possession plot thereafter breaks down in a tasteless swamp of Nazi experiments on twins, dogs with inverted heads and an exorcism led by rabbi Gary Oldman. Oy vey! The kosher paranormal: a trend in the offing?
"Ready or Not" wouldn't work if Weaving wasn't so charming, and smart, as the tenacious heroine.
Wes Craven returns to the series that he started with what is undoubtedly its strongest entry...
Although marred by pacing issues and some shoddy CGI, It Chapter Two still has enough creepy set-pieces and solid performances to bring the saga to an effective, albeit formulaic, conclusion.
A grim representation of teenage anger that works due to fantastic performances and an intelligent script. [Full review in Spanish].
For all the set-up and atmosphere, the story completely unravels in the final act.
A brainless gore-fest like Monster Party doesn't need so many steroid-enhanced flourishes.
...a passable adaptation that fares about as well as one might've anticipated/hoped...
Director Marc Nispel isn't a slouch behind the camera and it is clear that he's done his homework, so much so a lot of what goes on can't but feel just a wee bit routine.
Ranking far below the adaptations of "The Ring" and "The Grudge," this Asian horror film re-make is simply ludicrous.
An alternately boring and unintentionally funny attempt to breathe life into a very dead franchise.
Why do people climbing into an empty car after being chased around by a psycho killer never check the backseat?
Demons of mediocrity, be gone! Here we have a shrewd sequel a touch better than the original.
...the escalating tension, the skillfully realised horror set pieces and the solid cast all make this tale gripping and engaging.
Hugely enjoyable, smartly directed slasher flick with decent performances, intriguingly flawed characters and the best 3D horror effects since the heyday of the 1950s.
Overly long, with only a few stories working coherently, but elicits a cosy, Tales from the Crypt fireplace feel.
Manages to overcome the triple threat of a new director, being a prequel, and being the third film in a series. This really is a pretty terrific addition.
Small yet binding thriller that works under its standards. [Full review in Spanish].
Flimsy plot withstanding, 13 Sins is an enjoyable watch and fits neatly into the ever expanding genre of film as theme park ride: thrilling, shocking, forgettable.
One of the best American horror films in years.
An urban horror allegory about the white guilt people feel standing on the outside looking in, encountering worse horrors after invading places where they just don't belong.
Routine in many respects, Pet Sematary is also a rarity -- a horror film which takes death seriously, as a natural phenomenon to be accepted and respected.
Wan's developed into a clever horror-meister, tinkering with the classic pacing of the anticipated bump in the night. Solid performances from Farmiga and young Madison Wolfe strengthen the sequel.
Bagans' handling of this information turns what could be an interesting exploration of a strange phenomenon into a three-ring circus.
Those hungry for an old-school spooking will love the latest frightfest from gun Aussie director James Wan.
Fans of gruesome mayhem will love the nonstop series of outrageously violent murders, which are played in a deadpan comedic style. The cast members also play it straight, even the scenes that are deliberate pastiche.
The essential darkish tone of the movie doesn't entirely cramp out the standard razzle-dazzle of a US high school while its sharp, cool references customise it for lucrative teen hook-ups.
A huge mess of celluloid that, frankly, never should have made it past the "Hey let's do BODY SNATCHERS again!" stage.
Creepy, hypnotic Roeg effort.
A maquiagem  interessante, mas o roteiro  ridculo; as atuaes, risveis; a direo, medocre; e os efeitos visuais, datados.
The Ritual is about the rituals through which we put ourselves to dull our mistakes and weaknesses, and also those that allow us to break free of them.
Isn't amateurish enough to be charming or professional enough to pull off the con job.
In this reviewer's humble opinion, Peele has created a new horror masterpiece.
A mesmerizing display of human grotesquerie like Hieronymous Bosch filtered through Clive Barker, and that's exactly how it should be.
Amirpour and her team effectively employ chiaroscuro and create an old-fashioned, almost unearthed aesthetic.
Hunger has consequences.
This latest rendition of Pet Sematary is so desperate to carve its own path that it loses sight of what made the tale such an effective one in the first place.
The impressive haunted house flick Girl on the Third Floor is just as much a machine to produce seductive imagery as it is an effective deconstruction of those blatant symbols.
A feast of horror, for animals of all kinds.
The fine cast is not matched by the material they're given. Tonally the film is erratic and the kid-friendly sideshow of fart gags and over the top slapstick will lose parents early on.
If you're looking for a thrill and you're willing to throw yourself into a plot servicing scares then go see The Nun... if you're looking for The Conjuring style R-rated scares then this might be a little tame for you.
Cardone's style with the unpleasant material is as ruthlessly cut-and-slash as that of his blood-sucking villains.
In the end, there's little payoff for all the repetitive series of evocative visions and mute stares.
Apocalypse is cheap, incoherent and remarkably free of the kind of gore you'd expect to find in this kind of movie.
Vampires is an entertaining watch thanks to James Woods's great performance.
There's a lot to be said for horror that doesn't hit you over the head with shock and gore and special effects. But if you're going to go that route, you need to have more than The Innkeepers delivers.
Was enough to keep a teenage boy awake at night, and can still give a grown man the creeps.
Death leads to dubious love in this endlessly inventive delight that pays no regard to traditional genre boundaries
Halloween is simultaneously better than it probably should have been and a missed opportunity undone by bloat and one catastrophically uninteresting subplot.
The scariest movie of its day
Some are hailing it as a masterpiece. I'd say it's a missed opportunity.
The scares are orchestrated with more flair than usual, even if the best of them are all spoiled in the trailer.
Too bad it's only a smidgen better than the series' first first sequel, 1981's gory Halloween II.
It's somewhat better put together than Saw II or III, though there isn't a scare in it.
Take The Human Centipede and sprinkle liberally with the old Bob and Doug McKenzie sketches from SCTV and the result is Tusk, Kevin Smith's underbaked horror-comedy hybrid.
If critics offended by the rise of the horror-movie sub-genre they've derisively tagged 'torture porn' ever needed a prime suspect to haul before any moral court, the first 20 minutes of this brutal kidnapping thriller from Roland Joffe would work.
In the end, The Possession is simply just another movie about a possessed demon child who does the things that demon children do.
Never completely loses the viewer's interest, but the edgy, enigmatic would-be momentum goes slack in the second half as the slim plot extends to 97 minutes when 80 would have made for a tauter experience.
One flawed concept, dragged out for 90 uninspired, shoddily-executed minutes.
A long way from high art. Or even high schlock.
When I got home from the midnight press screening last night I really didn't want to walk into my own dark hallway all by myself.
I expected more humor, more fun, more action and ultimately, more scares and terror between the two big guys.
Even the title feels like a suggestion that you're better off waiting to watch it at home.
Ghosts! And they are unseen, frightening things in this creepy classic.
Effectively ugly.
Right from the very first scene, there's something off.
not as good as monster club, but still quite interesting
A creepy, smartly written and very entertaining low-budget chiller.
A modest film with exceptional visuals. [Full Review in Spanish]
Unless the ambition of Psychopaths is to motivate Michael Haneke to remake Funny Games for a second time, its efforts are gravely misplaced.
A better-than-average found-footage thriller...
May run just 82 minutes (and that includes drawn-out final credits), but the picture's brevity can't hide what a toothless waste of potential it all is.
None of the elements-the scary stuff, the psychological drama, the family-dynamic crises-really deliver the wallop necessary to provide truly memorable horror fare.
Adeptly packaged in all facets of production, Halloween is nicely cast with a combination of Zombie regulars, familiar faces and compelling newcomers and satisfyingly constructed with camerawork that heightens the suspense on the page.
[The film] contains third-rate acting, anemic special effects, an unexceptional story and sickening violence. If it is to be seen at all, it should be for the kinetic martial-arts finale.
R.I.P., Jigsaw. Stay dead.
The Platform feels like a sledgehammer to the chest. It's bleak yet hopeful ending offers no real solution to classism and privilege and it's timeliness echoes as it fades to the credits.
Ben is to Willard what Aliens is to Alien.
An inventive horror story that needs some of the informational spaces filled in, and also needs some star power in its cast. Still moviemaker Dan Bush continues to show real skill in the world of making movies.
A movie that starts with a trampoline pillow-fight and ends with a pile of dead co-eds could have been a misogynistic mess, but Sorority Row is a snappy, bloody blast.
At the center of the film is a conservative lesson that asks us to unquestioningly abide by society's capitalistic impulses.
The Grudge is more horrifying than any horror movie - because it's boring. The cheap scares and thin plot do nothing but... well, make you hold a grudge against it.
The new version, a back-to-basics horror from genre veteran Patrick Lussier, boasts an everything-and-the-kitchen-sink mentality and malicious methods of dispatching its cast.
While [the film] does contain a number of genuinely creepy moments...Zombie bogs things down with a plethora of broadly-played, overly wacky supporting characters.
From the miasma of mediocrity known as modern British horror emerges a low-budget fright film that deserves to be remembered alongside homegrown classics such as Shaun Of The Dead.
Emma Tammi deserves to make more films; she might yet carry all the tools to leave us sleeping with the lights on, but she has big ideas blending together feminism and horror. This time around, that's enough
Jeff Wadlow concocts a horror movie around the concept of truth or dare that is precisely what you expect, with one exception: there isn't one scary moment in it.
The monster here is all too real, and Possumexpertly works through it, leaving behind a ghostly memory of a tragic story beautifully told.
Still retains the original's reliance on jump scares but is a much more involving story that at least manages to keep you activated throughout its run time.
Who knew that the franchise's creators would eventually find a plot twist that made sense?
"A harmless but entertaining pop-corn movie".
Some call it a remake and some call it a sequel of the cult hit Evil Dead, I call it it's superior.
a gruesome but entertaining spectacle
The consequence of free will is examined in Richard Kelly's mind bending morality tale, The Box.
Saw VI is able to stand on its own as a wild and brutal thrill ride.
Carson is essentially remaking De Palma's movie, and badly at that.
It's made strictly for the under 18 crowd with low expectations and a high enthusiasm for formulaic "horror" movies.
Too silly to be seen as any kind of serious critique of American culture and too caught up in its own thematic self-reflexivity to be a completely satisfying piece of junk horror.
Not an easy film to like by design, but formally impressive nonetheless.
Nothing here breaks any new ground.
This film treads a line between camp horror (Ray Winstone's ludicrous butcher providing welcome comic relief) and a violent gore-fest.
The legendary director's best picture.
Brian O'Malley's The Lodgers may not be flat-out scary, but it gets points for its Gothic atmosphere and for its patient, careful approach to a pretty good story.
The longer the story goes on, the more it feels like a live action video game and not a real movie.
If David Lynch's Eraserhead were transported to bleakest Norfolk, you might end up with something as uncomfortable to watch as Possum.
A film of a limitless ambition and an obsession to convert a simple piece of genre into a reflection of the limits of commercial cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
The new camp counselors are interchangeable with the old ones. Different faces, same basic people.
It just hangs there, dead... and deadly dull.
Not only is Case 39 deplorable and morally off-center, the film is dull to boot.
Not nearly as awful as everyone seems to think it is.
Anderson doesn't just suck as a director he's also a terrible writer, which I think makes him Hollywood's first legitimate black hole.
While this Wolfman redo certainly doesn't live up to its 1941 predecessor, it serves its purpose. That is, if you like a somewhat dull, Gothic story that only gets exciting once the guy grows hair and big teeth.
Although the harrowing setup is squandered as not enough time is spent on character development, the very nature of this story is unsettling enough to compel you to see it through, helped by its taut run-time, and one terrifying cat.
Ava's Possessions may not be a thing of nightmares, but Galland's take on post-exorcism lifestyles is fun and inviting, in a quirky-satanic-hangover kind of way.
Going to a scary movie is kind of like a first date. Your palms get sweaty, you're consistently nervous, and you're just hoping for something unexpected to happen. It's a love/hate thing, and so is this movie.
While nailing the style and look, Zombie proves that the substance of The Devil's Rejects belongs in a film school course on 70's horror.
Dark Skies has almost nothing to do with dark skies but it is a quietly effective little horror movie, with an exceptional cast and a couple of decent scares.
It's not even as scary as his Halloween remake, and that one was perfunctory, at best.
Using the Holocaust as the basis for a horror movie is pretty distasteful, but what offended me the most about The Unborn is how sloppy it is.
Classic but forgettable teen-camp slasher
This movie had three things that made it awesome: Nudity, Werewolf Sex, and plenty of gore.
An enjoyably old-fashioned ghost story in the vein of "The Others" and "The Orphanage."
Unfortunately, it is a brutal disappointment, with a delicious premise that turns out to be a bland, gore-soaked mess rather than the macabre satirical feast I expected.
The film is streamlined so it can be just another Conjuring spinoff. And like those films, the grace of the Warrens is literally and figuratively far removed from this house.
Ready or Not is a skewering - literally - of the greediness of the 1% at the hands of a person that came from nothing - all the while dressed in a dirty and tattered wedding dress and worn down high tops. If that's not American, then I don't know what is.
By capturing the giddy thrill that comes from decoding difficult films, Room 237 says something profound about being a cine-fanatic.
Chalk this one up to a campy title that's worth getting for the Hopper factor and the laughs--all unintentional.
Pontypool at least manages to amuse (a spur-of-the-moment on-air obituary is priceless) as well as consistently intrigue, right up to a bizarro post-credits epilogue that seems beamed in from Sin City.
One Missed Call is an entertaining love letter to J-horror that delivers on the scary goods and will have many staring nervously at their cell phones for years to come.
Almost as scary but not quite as grabby as Chapter One, the grownup second half of Stephen King's horror saga is lifted by a great Bill Hader and Bill Skarsgård's iconic psycho clown Pennywise, but hobbled by a nearly three-hour run time.
What we mostly get is weak set-up and foreseeable deaths, though the film is not without some occasionally surprising plot turns.
Let's see...13th x 3 = at least 39 beheadings.
Has the ability to both surprise and frightentwo things that are rarely found in today's horror films. It's safe to say you will never ever look at flying in airplanes the same way again.
Malone tosses wandering lunatics, mad doctors, and hell's spawn into the mix right off the bat, which then makes it all that much more difficult to maintain an air of unease throughout.
Not even hardcore Zellweger fans should worry about catching this flick on the big screen.
Even when you strip away the subtext and symbolism, It Follows is just a genuinely creepy movie.
This second chapter might not add much that's new to the mythology, but it's scarily entertaining enough to stand alongside the first.
I actually found myself drawn into this old Classics Illustrated material -- enthralled by a time and place so well evoked that the Horseman almost seemed natural there.
Flawed but skin-crawling feature from Matthew Holness.
Crimson Peak definitely doesn't disappoint as a fun, scary piece of cinematic entertainment.
When things go bump, director Tom Harper duly makes us jump on cue, but the patchy script ensures the scares don't have quite the same impact as before.
Pulse is the remake of a 2001 J-horror film that was derivative and pokey, even before Hollywood got its hands on it.
At the bottom rung of the series' entries.
Ready Or Not is the kind of film where you laugh so much that it hurts!
The frustration ... is how much the movie leans on made-ya-jump scares and contrived plot devices when its quieter chills and already fraught setups are so potent.
if you can push past the suspension of disbelief, it's a pretty eerie ride
Jeremy Saulnier's little genre gem is simply told and smartly executed, with a little bit of everything, from snarling dogs to bloody murder to the innate fear evoked by the backwoods.
While director Andrew Douglas tries to generate a few cheap shocks, you may soon join the voices in urging George to 'kill them all.'
A film that will disturb you, and if it doesn't there is something wrong with you. [Full review in Spanish]
An unusual documentary.
A remake that, rather than trying to fix the deep flaws of its source, just covers them in a shinier coat of paint.
It is, in its unworldly way, sweetly idealistic with a charm all of its own: a teen romance to get your teeth into.
"Scarecrows" can be picked apart quite easily, but there is also a reason the film has gained a small yet passionate cult following in the decades since its release.
One of the most enjoyable films of the summer, Critters harks back to the low-budget science fiction films of the 1950s and balances the thrills with heavy doses of humor.
Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark is gateway horror that treats intended audiences to many a scream, pulling no punches nor watering down nightmarish conjurings that remind how healthy fearful emotions can be at any age.
Another object lesson in ineptitude.
The story of Carrie innately works, so it's not that this movie needed to change what happens - it just feels too dependent on telling it in the exact way De Palma did.
Despite the grim, ghastly ghosts, it's a forgettable film.
This exponentially dull (and weirdly self-contradictory) movie cherry-picks the blandest bits of the Slender Man bio, downgrading him from his hard-earned gig as king of all 21st century nightmares into an all-purpose, old-fashioned bogeyman.
Sheer, unadulterated nastiness with no apologies.
There is no doubt that Alvarez has a knack for creating effective framing devices, and the movie is chock-full of good suspense.
As ineffectual police work and broken feet stack up, the silliness gets out of hand.
Deeply disturbing
Friend Request may be a little heavy-handed with their jump scares, but when built effectively, screams are an easy find.
The claustrophobic group becomes the perfect petri dish in which to create an environment of fear, paranoia, and betrayal.
Mishmashes together every plot element from every slasher film you've ever seen, without adding anything new.
[A] tense, paranoid tale combining cabin-in-the-woods horror, sci fi creature feature and conspiracy theory thriller.
Hole-y crap.
For the most part it's standard stuff.
Rarely do re-makes ever need to be done, and rarely are they ever any good. This one is better!
We leave it deeply unsettled, as if we've time traveled back into our ancestors' worst nightmares.
A chuckleheaded mess from start to finish.
An interesting theory on the mystery of Jack the Ripper.
There is no longer a place for this hackneyed type of movie in a contemporary cinematic landscape.
It: Chapter 2 gazes long and hard at the past, leaving Pennywise juggling scares.
a frustratingly fantastic movie that would be better and leave more of an impact if it bothered to take some kind of a side
The mixture is quite attractive, although Christopher Landon is not Wes Craven. [Full Review in Spanish]
Red State's second half is a gripping and relentless 70s-inflected exploitation B-movie, giving us exciting ultraviolence alongside intriguing debates -- one admires the ambition.
A haunting film and Rebecca Hall's performance is something that sets it apart from other recent ghost story movies, but the ending may leave you more confused than thrilled.
James Wan is so much better at this than every other director working in the horror genre. (Splice Today)
Horror sequels don't come any bigger or better!
This rarely seen Argento gem has it all. We're on ground he's covered before, but it's constantly shifting beneath us.
There's no way to know in the moment you're admiring this that it carries meaning that informs the rest of the film. That's just terrific filmmaking.
some of the cast is so bad it made me wonder if they won some sort of internet contest, or were the fifth caller on a radio station to get their roles
While the storyline is not the most original, this film still gives a few good scares.
It's possible to find some appeal here, but the overstuffed Sinister 2 has simply too much cheapness on its plate.
As fixes for reviving the slasher genre apart from "make them good again" go, this is actually a pretty ingenious one.
Resident Evil: Apocalypse is for those who found "28 Days Later" too brainy.
Where the original was a funny slasher with a SciFi bent, the sequel is a standard Eighties romcom with an occasionally morbid sense of humor. Think Real Genius, only dumber and more tedious.
So tasteless in its depiction of India that it makes 'Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom' look like a triumph of racial awareness.
Director Beck discards Castle's signature cheeky verve, saddling the film with a poor script rife with hilarious exposition, a literally painful sound design and uniformly bad acting.
Where the stories are united, though, is in their strangeness and arresting visuals. In that sense, the film certainly has an identity of its own, and those in search of a fairytale oddity will find much to enjoy in Tale of Tales.
Horror fans who like their senses assaulted slasher-style with old-school gore and lots of jumpy bits may find this cerebral affair a tad too dull for their liking.
Seriously creepy and inventive little thriller. Check it out!
It's really just another generic slasher flick with nothing beyond the Leatherface connection to recommend it to discerning fans.
Though the pieces of The Limehouse Golem don't quite fit together, Jane Goldman's proto-feminist script saves the best with a splendidly clever twist that rewards your patience.
If you're into grim, relentless drama that acknowledges the grief that comes with unspeakable tragedy (the recent The Descent comes to mind), then you are in luck.
"The Cell" looks spectacular. If only it never opened its mouth.
Disappointing but also bracing, and it ends with the question that has motivated all Romero's work: 'Are we worth saving?'
Sloppily scripted and haphazardly directed, it's a cynical, satirical origin story, publicized with a red 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap.
The movie's awash in blood, sure, but it has more brains on hand than just the ones dripping down the wall.
Cameo appearances by horror icons Clive Barker, Tobe Hooper, and the King himself add little to this slapstick gorefest, which focuses on goofy bloodletting-including death by corn-on-the-cob-and tosses in a modicum of thrills and chuckles.
The life-like thriller, eccentric comedy, and outlandish horror elements don't quite gel as well as intended, clumsily getting in each other's way.
[A] stunningly visual smorgasbord of tenebrous eye-candy, all creeping shadows and urban malaise.
The nicest thing that you can say about it is that it isn't quite as contemptuous of its audience as the incredibly lazy and unnecessary "Saw V" was.
At the rowdy preview I attended, Jason emerged as the crowd favorite. Apparently, moviegoers identify more closely with a mute overgrown child-brute than with a smart-alecky child-killer.
The Twilight Saga's New Moon is not terrible, despite featuring some excruciatingly lazy storytelling, atrocious performances, listless direction and a core storyline that is both uninteresting and somewhat disturbing.
A trip to a village of the darned tedious.
As with the previous two installments in this super low-cost, super-lucrative horror franchise, the video verite technique is very effective in creating the feel of spontaneity before delivering some very well-engineered shocks...A great date movie.
It's sleazy and sloppy, but leaning in to the comedic aspects of the series and doubling down on the variety of murder puppets makes for an entertaining experience.
Fails to improve on the original film thanks to a poorly paced middle section and an annoying tendency towards over-explaining things.
If you prefer vaginal symbolism delivered to you via a blood-gushing urinal, consider "Silent House" your "Citizen Kane."
The film is a visual feast with just enough shocks to ensure you don't mistake this for some well-mounted costume drama. It is the stuff of a beautifully vivid nightmare.
'Curse of Chucky' [is] alarmingly good...Chucky fans should rejoice as [it] is clearly going to re-ignite the franchise for years to come. Chucky has never looked better...
The numbing familiarity of everything in the film just makes the cartoonish bits look ridiculous.
The plot ultimately stays in the real world, where its mounting gloom - enough to make Thomas Hardy seem like Richard Curtis - is hard to take seriously.
Despite a few mildly amusing scenes of comic relief, this horror movie offers little more than a set of ideas borrowed from other horror movies paired with flat, dull characters.
This fourth entry in this successful horror series is an example of diminishing returns; though the characters are still interesting, it's clear that less care and attention were given to this movie.
At the end of the day, Satan's Playground let me down, a fact that I attribute primarily to the bad acting, nonsensical storyline, and lack of an appearance by the monster.
It's a bummer when the audience is smarter than the protagonist.
It's not hardly Hitchcock at his most flawless, but not a single film he ever made... is so absolutely flattening as a total experience.
Amazing social satire with humor that never detracts from the creep-out factor. The nightmare sequence is sheer perfection.
I've got some real affection for House of Wax and perhaps that, more than anything, is why I wish it were just a tiny bit better.
The second chapter fails again. The TV adaptation didn't work. Now it fails to do so with unnecessary flashbacks and a dependence on visual effects. [Full review in Spanish].
It seems confused and poorly organized, with a lot of dead ends.
C'mon, Ethan Hawke, you're better than this. Isn't there a "Before Sunset" sequel that needs your attention?
Jeremy Saulnier's Green Room is a ferocious, relentless thriller...
Anyone going to see this movie isn't going to care an iota about the acting or intelligence of the characters, and they really aren't going to give a flying twat if the art of cinema is raised to any level outside of the bar lofting above the local sewer.
If you're a fan of the original V/H/S production, this is bound to compel you, however if you left the last feeling somewhat disgruntled and underwhelmed, don't expect enough of an increase in quality to sway you this time around.
The celluloid rendering of RL Stine's Goosebumps is a delightful feat.
Little more than a brain damaged, irony-free, and curiously toothless attempt to retread the success of last year's surprising summer gorefest, Piranha 3D.
The final product is a lo-fi, handheld hellraiser with a varying success rate but with more ballsy gusto than most mainstream horrors.
The best, eeriest, most formally clever retelling of one of cinema's favorite stories.
A generic horror movie. It's not good...easily one of the worst I've seen in a bit.
Øvredal turns the film's creepy funhouse aesthetic into a surprisingly adept commentary on our national obsession with clinging to false narratives about of our past.
Parents would be best to protect their children from the consequent psychological trauma of letting them see this.
Tense psychological thriller has violent horror elements.
30 Days of Night grabs this hoary monster by the throat, pumps it full of the thick rich blood of life, and shoves it out to greet you, eat you, and coat you in glorious mists of red firing from oh-so-many newly exposed arterial sprays.
Eschewing the predictable plotting and happy endings of recent big-budget sci-fi productions, Event Horizon emerges as a truly twisted, nightmarish summer shocker.
It might be genius compared to Single White Female 2: The Psycho, but know that The Roommate is ultimately about as sensitive as that dtv sequel sounds.
You will leave the cinema looking over your shoulder - and if you see a girl in a yellow dress, just run.
If Gollum and the Tooth Fairy got together and spawned a horde of young'uns, they might resemble the terrible little creatures here...
Snow makes an appealing lead but the movie is a routine slice em up thriller
it's really nothing more than really bad dialogue spoken by some of the most beautiful kids in Hollywood who can't act their way out of a paper bag
The Tenant's mysteries are thick indeed.
Proudly wears its genre formula on its sleeve, and really, who could ask for anything more? Walking into a Friday the 13th movie, one should know what to expect. On those grounds, the film delivers.
It might as well be James Bond behind Michael's latex mask, noticeably weathered by four decades of abuse, for all the deviation from franchise formula we see on the screen.
Sam Raimi's financial services horror is an energetic return to his roots.
As a technical experiment in real time cinema, Silent House is fascinating, but it fails as both an interesting story and a visceral experience.
The plot is a formulaic ditty where the cop uses a beautiful woman as bait to trap the killer. It has very little to do with surrealism or desert photography.
A good concept yields scattershot results in this horror-film anthology.
The ideas are thin, and the scene-by-scene execution of them is bumbling.
A lack of engaging ideas and mediocre execution ensures that The Quiet Ones makes little noise beyond a faint whimper.
...we were cursed with the annoying and shrieking but not even close to terrifying La Llorona.
The big surprise in Gothika is there is no surprise. What it does have is every bad psychiatric, criminal, and horror-movie clich (including the requisite grey/green caste to every frame), as well as a lesson in how not to make a movie.
Not the worst movie ever made, but far, far removed from the best.
Overheated yet underpowered.
Revealing more of the mystery reduces the scare factor but ups the intrigue.
Be prepared to acid-trip down a rabbit hole with Nicolas Cage in the horror spectacle Color Out of Space.
'The Baby' is absolutely gaga. Or should that be goo-goo-gaga? It's a multiple-personality disorder of a film that vacillates among the extremes of weirdo exploitation, psychological horror and social-reform drama.
Crimson Peak has proven to be Del Toro's most divisive movie to date, with some being very fond of it while others are frustrated and tired of it.
It's a race to find out who'll get into number three and this is good enough to rate one.
This lifelong lover of all things dark, dank, and dreadful thinks that it could have been so much more effective sans the pointed polemics.
Saw has its moments, and most of them are brutal in the extreme, but ultimately it's one tremendous misfire that will either leave you laughing or, possibly, gagging.
The camera is like a loving captive of Hilton's assured smirk and self-aware demeanor. It's as if she's acting while watching herself on an internal monitor.
Jordan Peele has demonstrated to be a narrator full of ingenuity and craft. [Full Review in Spanish]
Though a presentation of 20th Century Fox, Shutter has the look and feel of a proper J-horror film.
Gory, goofy musical is bloody and bombastic.
The film was written by Kevin Williamson, and his screenplay is smart as it is hip.
Pitched at horror fans who like to be mildly unsettled rather than grossed out, Wish Upon is decently made, but essentially it's a wet-afternoon watch.
Yes, it is too long, but it's a fitting end to this filming of what was one of Stephen King's longest books, which is really saying something.
Just another slasher flick that stopped off at the theater on its way to the $5.50 dump bin at Wal-Mart.
A dark little treat for those already bracing themselves for an excess of Christmas cheer.
It's a more digestible form of hypnosis, and as the film progresses, it becomes increasingly layered in its parallelism of craft, politics, and war.
An easy sequel to "dig"! A Hip Horror Film for Teens
The special effects can't hope to be as creepy to our seen-it-all eyes as they were to the film's first viewers, but we can still enjoy the monster's unique weirdness, and the story is a rock-solid yarn.
Boo, indeed.
"Crimson Peak" is more creepy than scary (despite a couple of gruesomely violent deaths), but del Toro's imagination blooms in every frame.
Zero tension, lame dialogue, a complete lack of chemistry between the main characters who are meant to be madly in love, and a villain who does not surface until the movie's end make Twilight a primo snore-fest to say the least.
Mama is a terrifying success.
HATCHET III is almost as much gleefully gory fun as the original - a comedy-horror hybrid that elicits screams of laughter and disgust in equal measure...
Miscast, poorly-directed, and just-plain boring, Case 39 never clicks into place.
A gleeful disaster-horror outing that's best seen with an audience receptive to absurdity and bloodshed.
"Extraterrestrial" never settles into a groove, and therefore never becomes more than a collection of effectively icky scenes.
It's more silly than scary with not enough plot and surprise but the cast are good.
There's no way you can claim Demon Seed is a classic, or even any good, really, but it's undeniably worth an hour and a half of your time
The fright ultimately fizzles...
One of the funniest films I've seen all year.
All goodwill is erased in a heartbeat, and if just thinking about those last images wasn't making me laugh I'd probably be furious at the filmmakers for destroying what was until the climax a pretty darn great example of B-grade horror.
Freaks certainly leaves a huge impression, and the ingenuity on display from both Stein and Lipovsky is remarkable.
If it lacks the originality and sheer muscle of the best horror fare, this does offer an astute take on fragile thirtysomething machismo.
But what does it all mean?
There is one thing to be said about the way Weitz handles time travel. He can make two hours and 10 minutes seem like a thousand years.
...as far as horror retreads go, this movie shocker sizzles as it competently echoes the terrorizing triumph of its lurid legacy channeling wayward chills and spills.
...a throwaway thriller...Serra conjures up a pseudo-sizzling frightfest that's not imaginative enough to force a dead tick off a shaggy dog's hind leg.
So many sequences are structured to build to a little jolt, that the pattern becomes predictable and tired. Especially since the first film set a high standard for originality, this sequel, which is helmed by a different creative team, disappoints.
The Possession of Hannah Grace is a lot of waiting for something to happen, followed by a final-act burst of considerable silliness.
A beautifully-mounted thing, Halloween has the emotional benefit of really loving its source material.
The film comes through with flying colors.
Stir of Echoes is a supernatural thriller firmly rooted in a blue-collar Chicago neighborhood, where everyone on the block knows one another--although not as well as they think. Kevin Bacon stars in one of his best performances.
A competent improvement over the original Pet Sematary, if disappointingly still lacking in atmosphere and a consistent tonality.
It's a successfully horrifying and suspenseful addition to Saulnier's colorful 'trapped in peril' genre.
V/H/S/2 is a consistently terrific genre omnibus, and an excellent example of a goofy gimmick seemingly past its cinematic sell date.
Willard is a strange affair now, as it isn't really that horrifying and the pay-offs at the end are relatively tame. It struggles in what it is trying to be and indeed.
A cerebral horror that's more creepily unsettling than out-and-out scary.
one of the most uniquely frightening, buzz-worthy features to come out in years
a twisted version of 2001: A Space Odyssey which takes place in a psychological torture chamber rather than in the whole of the universe
Got originality, a good story, characters to whom you could relate.
When I heard the sequel's title, I strongly considered resigning this post.
Jeunet and Whedon deliver the alien-attack scenes with a spin and a wink.
The franchise reboot is gross and guileless, a romp through B-movie mayhem with zero apologies. Consider yourself warned.
A sacrilege
With October coming up, fans are going to want to get their horror fix, and frankly this isn't it. If you get this FRIEND REQUEST, make sure you delete it.
A great companion piece to the first one. At the end of the day, this can be broken down to a whole long mini-series.
... a diluted remix of Lost Boys.
[Swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting, an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting.
There's some cool plot points provided by otherwordly expert J.K. Simmons, but they quickly get lost in the shuffle of a boring movie that feels all too familiar.
The film has some great ideas and executes them well with a good lead cast and some more than decent blood.
Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark is an atmospheric adventure film, with nostalgic fear to remind children that not all fairy tales have happy endings.
One of the best low-budget horror flicks ever created!
Because it's not a festival of horrors, there's time for viewers to notice how well-made it is.
These vamps could use stakes as toothpicks and garlic as garnish on their meals of human flesh. Their only weaknesses are a well-swung ax to the jugular and sunlight. Much like Larry King.
Gory as heck, but still well-crafted monster movie fun.
Director Sam Raimi returns to his roots, and fans of his controlled style of horror, where less is often more, should be grateful.
[A] boldly stroked, luridly coloured, uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain.
Where is Tor Johnson when he is really needed?
yet another example of horror that can't make up its mind, and as a result, can't satisfy
Vacancy is a fun and violent ride, in the best possible guilty-pleasure sense of course, that suffers from only minor flaws. If only it ended 4 minutes sooner ...
The Nun isn't exactly a missed opportunity, then, so much as it's a waste of an interesting filmmaker's talents.
This internet-based spook-fest is arguably the least imaginative, most pathetic horror of the decade.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo has no problem re-creating the first film's naturalistic sense of dread and lurking menace and embellishing it. It's all shot on the run, with handheld cameras, mostly in the half-light of ruins and sewers.
Even so, there's not much here of merit to talk about, and as much fun as all the hillbilly in-fighting and gruesome zombie killing can be the feeling that we've been down this road before is one that's frustratingly difficult to shake.
In true horror movie tradition, characters do things that are head-scratchingly dumb. Once you accept those logic-defying moments, the movie works with diabolical effectiveness.
This sixth installment, by far the worst in the series, is bland and deadening.
Turns slasher flicks into slapstick.
I have zero stars for it, but I do have one finger to offer in response to the one Roth flips us with this movie.
Once lawless, Argento's pictures feel inconsequential now. Light and aimless.
The Serpent and the Rainbow is uncanny in the way it takes the most lurid images and makes them plausible.
This prequel answers many of the questions that such an insane concept raises, but exposition is the best thing the new film has to offer.
Corny, monotonous and very far from scary
The best thing about My Soul to Take is that it may force folks to revisit Wes Craven's past works and finally realize that he's always been nothing more than a hack in the horror field, a Uwe Boll with a better sense of where to place the camera.
Influences of The Funhouse, The Strangers, and even Saw are all woven throughout, but without the innovation or imaginative set pieces that made those movies memorable. Despite what the premise suggests, there's nothing "extreme" about this haunt.
If you're tired of zombie films or rabid people films, Signal is like a cool drink of water on a hot day. It's got all the goodness from the best of those genres while creating its own niche at the same time.
A hatefully paint-by-numbers story of pretty young people on vacation flirting, bickering, and dying, with far too little of the third and far too much of the first.
Don't go in with high expectations, and you might enjoy yourself!
It starts off really well, stalls a little toward the middle, goes bonkers for one really odd musical number, and then derails completely at the end.
Drag Me to Hell never quite hits the psychotronic heights of Evil Dead II, but, in the interim, the director has honed his skills to a razor's edge in the creation of nerve-racking suspense and jarring shocks.
The film's biggest issue is not knowing exactly what kind of movie it wants to be - and ends up being a hodgepodge. Nothing "Happy" about that.
A rattling collection of warmed-over ideas filmed on a paltry budget...doesn't do anything that Dracula and Prince of Darkness didn't already do better.
...it's hard to imagine anyone walking away from the film satisfied (this includes the folks responsible for making the movie).
It's kind of a nice film, and nice exploitation films are nobody's idea of a good time.
Out of Seven, I give it a 4. Genuinely creepy, however.
A mixed bag of horrors will offer at least a little bit of excitement for genre fans, no matter what your tastes.
It's funny and scary at the same time, and fans will "Scream" with approval.
Writer-director Scott Derrickson does absolutely nothing right.
The setup is gripping, and the suspense intense, but the third act -- the payoff for sitting through such harrowing material -- is a major misfire.
There's a shortage of ideas in Halloween, but how could there not be? It's the 11th movie in the saga. [Full Review in Spanish]
Larry Fessenden diagnoses the rot of our era through the shifting personalities and power dynamics of solipsistic men.
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie.
Oh, so it isn't the same flick I've seen a dozen times before!
Green Room is a ruthless tale of savagery that will excite and shock audiences. What takes this film to the next level is that it has all these traits while also having substance.
Bousman's editing and camera angles are consistently inventive, and the production design (Blade Runner is a big influence, as is Disneyland's "Haunted Mansion" attraction) squeezes a lot of bang out of every buck.
The movie plays like an entry point into the infectious minds of ambitious overachievers, who do exactly what they want and offer no apologies.
Director Sam Raimi returns to his Evil Dead roots for this tongue-in-cheek gorefest -- one part spooky chiller, one part campy chuckler.
Without the dark spookiness of Crystal Lake Camp, the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace.
As social commentary it's shallow and patronising, and as a horror film it's hampered by atrocious editing, lame jump scares, and a patent lack of atmosphere. One of the 2019's worst.
Saw has its moments, and most of them are brutal in the extreme, but ultimately it's one tremendous misfire that will either leave you laughing or, possibly, gagging.
Ari Aster seems dedicated to creating experiences that are difficult to forget and he accomplishes that. [Full Review in Spanish]
Big ideas, strong performances and some moments that rank among the best in the series.
The final result is, though certainly flawed, could become an annual viewing pleasure for the more demented Christmas lover.
it's as dark as Harry Potter 19 might have been, and keener on exploring deeper themes than having an all-slaying, all-spurting, all-squirting orgy of fangbanging fun.
This domestic redo of Kurosawa's ghost story is a reasonably sinister scary movie that faithfully taps into its predecessor's existential dread and distrust of technology.
Scream's brand of horror, which lampooned the slasher genre while simultaneously embracing it, was fun and breezy in 1996. In 2011, it's about as fresh as the whiff of something stale and rank from a crypt.
With influences ranging from Dario Argento to THE STEPFORD WIVES, Jordan Peele's directorial debut is smart, stylish and scary.
Hits all the right buttons of a satisfying end-of-the-world yarn.
Taking a bloody dagger to centuries of folklore, the producers of Red Riding Hood have shamelessly turned the Little Red Riding Hood legend into a carbon copy of the Twilight movies.
Child's Play bubbles with entertaining bad taste.
The ultimate destination Stake Land heads to isn't exactly an upper, but unlike other films with such a dystopian viewpoint I'm just not sure this one earns its downbeat nihilism.
It, Chapter Two is nearly three hours, and it feels every second of its running time, oddly meandering when it should be barreling toward its conclusion.
Whannell keeps his audience guessing, and I confess, in my case, also literally jumping out of our seats.
He's become a master of making hoary elements feel fresh again..Insidious: Chapter 2 reminds viewers why these elements were scary in the first place, and proves skillful filmmaking can breathe new life into the oldest ideas.
What keeps our attention is Lyonne's fierce performance as the bong-smoking, booze-swilling woman dealing with an alien invasion going on inside her body.
Rabid manages to beautifully pay homage to Cronenberg and jaw-droppingly brilliant makeup and practical effects allow The Soska Sisters to also put their own unique body horror thumbprint on the film.
Who would have thought talent of that calibre would combine to create such a catastrophic stinker.
Saw III is easily the best in the series.
An adequately respectful but fairly forgettable film, which earns brownie points for the werewolf mayhem, good intentions and simply for not being Van Helsing.
The meta-nature of this film's constant self analysis makes it impossible to suspend disbelief, but Craven relies on this, harvesting laughs and gasps in equal measure.
Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark possesses some eerie atmosphere ... It's also, mostly, a pedestrian horror story that never lives up to its potential.
Format-wise, the film may have benefited from being a more straightforward anthology of shorts based on the stories, which were effective because they were so brutally concise.
The film wants to have it both ways: It mixes sanctimonious commentary about violence and socioeconomic claptrap with grand depictions of violent assaults and terror on cue.
...too many special effects; not enough suspense or frights.
More gruesome than horrific, but the cast and effects let this indie horror pic punch above its weight class.
There's no truth in the title. Drag Me to Hell is horror-movie heaven.
A creepy, neo-Hitchcock stalker drama, infused with uneasy twists and a slow-burning intensity. Check it out. Then check under your bed...
Murder clowns and demonic toys have enjoyed a renaissance in recent years, but in combining the two, The Jack in the Box offers no surprises.
There's clearly a focus on makeup, prosthetics, and gore, all of which hold up well over time.
Frankly, Ellison is an annoying prat and there aren't enough scares or story developments to keep you hooked, though the ending works well.
Ultimately, The Omen is both poorly directed and badly acted and Moore ensuring that there's plenty of red in every scene isn't enough to make it scary. Rent the original instead.
While it's probably time to call for a moratorium on both haunted-house thrillers and creepy-child sagas, Insidious milks a bit of innovativeness from both these sub-genres before self-destructing.
The movie is also spooky and atmospheric, has at least three great jolts and an equal number of memorable gross-outs, including what has to be the goriest and most protracted eye-gouging of the year.
Characters are established with minimal details, but their interaction is instantly intriguing , especially as tension grows and their stoicism kicks in.
When it stops making no sense, it's really quite boring.
Most likely the first horror film to express something beyond simple chills and thrills.
With a memorably original creature, a pulsating score, and a vibe of creative, this easily sets itself apart from the pack.
Black Christmas works best as a campy deconstruction of the genre than it does as a horror film.
Any subtlety or implicit social satire to be found in Joseph Ruben's original went out with the last neighborhood trash pickup. Too bad the service was canceled before it could haul away this waste-of-time remake. [Blu-ray]
The beauty of Room 237, however, doesn't lie in the validity of any one of the commentators' thoughtful (and occasionally well-informed) speculations, but instead in that mysterious grey zone between an artist's intentions and audience interpretation.
Haunted only by lost opportunities.
A labor of love sheathed in the shabby clothes of hate.
The series isn't scary; the special effects are routine until the final hour, when flying furry villains with shears for teeth chew up everything in sight, and there isn't any mesmerizing performance to propel it.
While B-movie humor loses its sheen in later acts, downright vile acts of slasher violence call back to scrub-yourself-clean titles of 80s cable box fame.
"Tusk" has "comeback" buzz coming out of the Toronto Film Festival. Perhaps that buzz came from the city's crack happy mayor, Rob Ford.
If only the half-baked story could also meet our expectations, or at least match the logic of the previous two Annabelle films.
Today's society feels a certain cynicism towards the world explored in Cam, but it's no match for the terror caused by something inimaginable and improbable.
I've now seen all nine of the series' entries, so trust me when I say that Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday is very likely the worst of the bunch.
Mother's Day easily takes its place amongst the few successful remakes out there that manage to entertain while treating the audience with respect. Intense and at times shockingly violent, Mama's boys have once again made their mother very proud.
It doesn't take a conspiracy theorist to detect Dark Skies's thinly veiled conservatism, and it doesn't take an undue alarmist to be disturbed by the implications of this sort of fear-mongering.
The Conjuring 2 keeps audiences cowering in their seats while delivering one of the most frightening films in the past decade.
It's completely daft, and the one-liners are by now just plain cheesy, but there's a good deal of gore to keep the faithful amused, if not completely happy.
The urgency of the [first-person] perspective + the general sense of hopelessness for humanity add up to a sense of despair.
Every element of Paddy Breathnach's Irish slasher movie is so familiar that it feels like a dog-eared horror anthology found down the back of the sofa.
Yeah, it's pretty silly -- and yet the film induces a lingering unease that's hard to shake. I lay this at the film's fairly nasty tone and some of the more disturbing images.
...[one of the best] films to hit theaters in a long while...a refreshing change of pace from the mindless fare that generally populates multiplexes during the summer months.
In its best moments Green Room reminds you of the sweaty, tightly controlled tension that John Carpenter achieved in early films like Assault On Precinct 13.
It's better than you expect going in, but not quite good enough to leave you with more than a vaguely pleasant, vaguely disappointed aftertaste.
The bloody 16th Century saga of Hungary's Countess Elizabeth Bathory is transported to pre-Katrina New Orleans in this occasionally spooky but cheap and inconsequential thriller.
Don't even get me started on the sublime asininity of the cloven-hoofed, fire-faced demon thingee that, for no reason I can fathom, resembles, almost exactly, Darth Maul. Seriously. Don't.
Despite some effective bumps and frights, and at least one memorable jolt from a full-throated D'Addario, "Sinister" is mainly just a series of snuff-reels with sick-joke titles ...
"Texas Chainsaw 3D" sees itself as over-the-top and knowing, but what we ultimately get is simply eyes without a face.
Plot and character quibbles aside, there's doubting Alvrarez's taste for horror. But, while you might hold your breath while watching, Don't Breathe probably won't give you any lasting nightmares.
An edge of your seat thriller, "Splice" is a movie that keeps you asking yourself, "can they really do that" while the story unfolds on screen.
A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night may not be a great film, but where else are you going to see a dystopic Persian indie vampire romance?
Faithfully adhering to the precepts of the slasher flick, it might even seem honourable if it weren't so disreputable.
Amazingly, Kilmer delivers an odder performance than Brando. Creepy retelling.
The screenplay is a masterpiece of subversion, laced with race-based fears and notions of stereotype that are played for laughs, but hit home.
There's no fun in this dour exercise and scares are non-existent as the film haphazardly assembles various tropes and repetitive nightmare imagery into 90 minutes of weariness.
An okay rental. Didn't even come close to living up to its potential.
As far as unnecessary remakes go, this one isn't bad.
La conclusion est donc la même que le film précédent : les amateurs de morbidité ne voudront pas manquer.
We interrupt this soap opera to bring you... a monster movie!
As filtered through the drug-bombed haze of Jesus Franco, this mixture of vampires and sun-drenched Riviera setting is nonsense from the get-go, but if you like a little soft gore with your soft core, this is the movie for you.
A sequel that gives up the prophesy of the first film for a clichd run-for-your-life thriller.
This isn't as good as CLOVERFIELD, but it does a pretty decent job at generating some thrills. Unfortunately, the movie is ruined by Carpenter's distractingly awful performance.
Spooky horror film has both tension and gore.
Incredibly unsettling. Art-house horror at its finest.
Boyle and his remarkable cast play the material seriously, with an atmospheric soundtrack adding a sense of poetry and lyricism.
With a lot of repetitive jumps, jolts and shrieking, it's a haunted house story that's only marginally more unsettling than next year's stamp duty charges.
What drives Vacancy is its ingenious premise, from which director Nimrod Antal wrings every ounce of tension.
It's good fun ... and if it doesn't reinvent the genre, at least, at 89 minutes, it quits just as it's getting old.
Schumacher puts more flash than flesh on the story, but still manages to deliver the expected chills with cool efficiency as the students' extracurricular experiments take a sinister turn.
"The Last Exorcism" Starts Out as a Sharp Religious Satire But Kind of Forgets That When Angling for "Paranormal Activity" Scares.
There are times when the film, just like the original, shows that it could be something more
Paranormal Activity 3 rarely feels like a "new" film, opting instead to frame old tricks in a new setting.
If it could happen to these kids, smart and beautiful, then it sure as shit is going to happen to me.
Brilliant, chilling and flawless. Hopkins delivers a villain for our times.
A new thriller with three talented actors nonetheless caught in an ineffective film that stretches to meet its running time and then ends with a final act that destroys suspension of disbelief.
The beginning is not a fantastic movie. But it's solid enough to create a whole franchise. [Full review in Spanish].
I can think of five things that are more torturous than what the victims endure in Saw IV...
... The movie is mostly a snoozer with Bella and Edward spending a lot of time merely exchanging glances or staring longingly at each other.
I'm at a loss to say whether any of this is good or bad, and whether "good and bad" are meaningful words in the first place.
...it's atmospheric and full of nightmare visions, but you probably won't emerge saying, "Wow, what a great story I just got told!"
This is Us. And this is us. See it for yourself.
Just as much of a surprise as the delightfully twisted original.
The final kills are pretty spectacular, but they come so fast, and make so little dramatic sense, that it's hard to enjoy them.
This is a movie that believes in evil, and sees no point in dancing around the inevitable acknowledgments.
In this somewhat disappointing summer at the movies, Wish Upon offers a welcome glimmer of magic.
The strength of 'Cabin' comes in the playful nature of the screenplay. Goddard and Whedon play everything tongue and cheek in a completely meta atmosphere.
Lynyrd Skynyrds 'Freebird' will never be the same again.
Overall, maybe 13 or 14 of the 26 segments are worth a look. In school that would result in a failing grade, but for anthology films it's a pretty decent B-
While it doesn't hold up logically thanks to some confusing plot twists, The Ritual is an effective thriller that will keep viewers on edge.
Sans the suspense of the first two movies, but still a worthy addition the ghoul series
Madsen is absolutely terrific, giving a thoughtful and well-shaded performance as the emotionally abandoned heroine, and Rose's bold direction milks every terrifying moment of this compelling and atmospheric movie.
There's no attempt to be seriously disturbing, or to offer us anything more than a macabre good time. Still, on that level the film delivers.
If you need a slasher flick, you could do worse
A gruesome blast of psychological horror that is so giddily pumped up with nasty hormones, you can't help but dissolve into laughter at the same time as you are hiding your eyes.
If you can identify with John and Mia-who seem to be named for the actors who played the lead couple in "Rosemary's Baby"-then this is a movie that will have you on edge.
Forget the usual Transylvania or London settings: This horror flick has the distinction of being set in scary Mississippi.
Somehow it works - probably because The Platform commits to its conceptual framework so thoroughly, and with such precision, that it coaxes the audience to do the same.
PET SEMATARY impressively exhumes our deepest fears. Death and grief are ruthlessly personified, and the thematic intensity of loss rises from the dead to deliver one of the best King adaptations to date.
There is nothing daringly compelling or overtly curious about the titular character nor the Eel Marsh House that the Women In Black roams around in with so-called ghastly intimidation.
Octavia Spencer burns up the screen as a teenager's friend from hell in this entertaining horror movie that marks the Oscar winner's first leading role in a movie - and well deserved.
A forgettable cast and subpar action further dooms the reputation of yet another video game movie adaptation.
Rather than go for a tired vampire story, Nicolaou gives audiences an old school-feeling flick that carves out its own strange vampire niche in the horror genre.
[Director Amy Holden] Jones tries the more effective tack of playing the slasher stuff straight and inserting clever visual jokes when she has the opportunity.
I think having Bertino return as a writer on the sequel (he penned this script alongside Ben Ketai), is a huge reason why Prey at Night feels like such a great follow-up.
There's absolutely zippo to fear about this movie, unless you're the kind of person who jumps when formula bogeymen do exactly what you'd expect them to do.
Add a bunch of forgettable characters (including a one-note Melissa Leo) and an ending which flirts with (but then flees from) a truly provocative climax, and you've got a project which perhaps only Rob Zombie could have made something of.
Don't bother - you've seen it all before.
The devil takes care of business in exactly the same way, as if he's reading from the book of Re-Revelation. But director John Moore has added some creepy visuals and assembled an unusually strong cast for a horror flick.
This looks to me like the best British horror film in years: nasty, scary and tight as a drum.
Lady in White tells a classic ghost story in such an everyday way that the ghost is almost believable, and the story is actually scarier than it might have been with a more gruesome approach.
Despite a clever - if not particularly original - idea, this pseudo-documentary horror movie is let down by an immensely frustrating ending and some less than convincing performances.
What Kubrick himself would have felt we can't know, but it might have been exasperated.
Se puede ver solamente si se es fantico del gnero o si se asiste al cine con ganas de dejar las neuronas en la entrada por un par de horas.
Film-makers Howard J Ford and his brother Jonathan have shot the scenery well, but since the undead are everywhere the quest for safety becomes repetitive.
This fourth chapter is proof that the series has run out of ideas, it's all been done, there's nothing new to add, just pack up and go home.
The crash-bang-wallop set pieces are economically choreographed and efficiently edited, but their real weight comes from the sense of brooding menace established in interim sequences in which not very much appears to be happening.
Bill Paxton's directing debut stands alone in a horror genre currently infested with pert teens and knowing plot tics.
Escurido  pior do que um filme ruim:  um filme ruim que se recusa a chegar ao fim.
While there are moments of intrigue and a good twist, the whole thing feels as if it's a B-movie horror that wants to be so much more.
In the end it's a decent experience that stays afloat thanks to a committed cast that has undeniable chemistry. [Full review in Spanish]
Abramenko and screenwriters Oleg Malovichko and Andrei Zolotarev modulate the tension well, building up the suspense and gore on parallel tracks toward a bloody satisfying ending.
Stale reheat of the creepy kid genre. No point investigating. Case closed.
Pugh goes beyond scream-queen expectations as Dani, as her vulnerability turns into a type of armor, her personal pain transmuted to a dance of death.
After building a jangling sense of terror, Bertino doesn't take it anywhere.
Cabin is a meta-horror-comedy mash-up that, at least for two-thirds of its running time, holds together smartly.
A movie that just wants to gross us out a few times and call it entertainment.
This suspense vacuum has all the momentum of a Jason victim post-filleting.
The classic Walken role, by which all subsequent ones are measured. Possibly the best Stephen King adaptation too.
...one of the best and most fascinating in the series.
A shambling mess of a film that tries to be a found-footage horror film, but ends up being one of the most unintentional comedies of the year.
A 1980s horror remake finally graduates to being a fun, smart guilty pleasure.
prototypical teen slasher fare, with ultra-gory deaths, overwrought performances and even some gratuitous T&A: Were it not for a Columbine reference and a half-baked rave, you might guess this was actually made 20 years ago.
The contrast between the pastoral setting and shocking blood-letting creates lots of breathless tension, putting Green Room in good company with down-and-dirty siege flicks like Assault on Precinct 13 and especially Straw Dogs.
"A bracing slice of throwback nastiness."
These aren't things that go bump in the night -- unless 'bump' means knocking you over the head with a sledgehammer.
It might be the first film since Star Wars: The Force Awakens that somehow combines everything that is wrong with Hollywood - sequels, remakes, reboots - into one miraculous anomaly.
Octavia Spencer's character is relatable and empathetic. Yes, she's a looney toon and a bit neurotic, but she's built that way for a reason.
McCarthy may be going for an atmospheric dread, but the result feels stagnant and drowsy.
In the end, The Conjuring 2 is a solid, straight-up scare-fest, but there is little lingering fear when the lights come up.
A formulaic slab of supernatural dirge destined to be forgotten by year's, or perhaps even month's, end.
The Box lacks the poetry and elegance of Darko, and at times mistakes randomness for mystery, however a good cast and pace mean those who enjoy debating what they just saw will have plenty to work over.
Occult thriller Reverb soon gets bogged down in implausibility and sloppy writing.
...while Feldman's performance doesn't raise the movie beyond the ordinary, it keeps you from wanting to put your foot through the screen.
Demons, heavy metal and teenage angst? I'm there. Still after almost 30 years, this small movie feels as genuine as it was back in 1987. [Full review in Spanish].
It: Chapter Two feels like a strong improvement, and a solid slice of commercially-minded populist horror.
Has none of the surrealistic excess that made the first movie such a genuine delight, and managed to save the second one from itself.
The Witch is an extraordinarily well-acted horror film.
...would've been better off had it been structured as a traditional horror anthology.
The second and third parts of Larry Cohen's It's Alive trilogy are by turns silly and sublime.
In an otherwise boneheaded hour and a half of intrigue and silliness, The Skulls does offer one of the more memorable lines of dialogue in recent movies.
A messed-up fairy tale that often nails the sweet spot between scaring us and letting us laugh at how scared we are. It's crowd-pleasing horror, the kind that can push moviegoers to the edge of their seats and send them to the water cooler the next day.
Enormously fun to watch, thanks to sharp dialogue, good performances, and a devilish sense of mischief.
The Dark Tapes ends up doing more right than it does wrong ... you'll find some really cool creatures and a few truly frightening and original moments that will send more than just a chill down the old spine.
The monster here is all too real, and Possumexpertly works through it, leaving behind a ghostly memory of a tragic story beautifully told.
There is nothing particularly clever to make all the bloodshed -- and time spent in the theater -- worth it.
Only true devotees of the game are likely to recognize many of the figures on the screen, or care about a byzantine story stitched together from innumerable horror and fantasy shows.
Solidly creepy fun with occasional moments of frightening brilliance.
It's not The Shawshank Redemption, but for what it is, The Mist is an admirable venture into the always foggy, sometimes treacherous landscape of the human soul.
An awesomely silly, tasteless and half-witted movie.
It's gorgeous to look at and plays brilliantly as a horror thriller, be it of nature vs man or locals vs outsiders.
Quarts of shiny blood are splashed around and numerous moans and groans pepper the soundtrack, but astonishingly, the movie never manages to provoke so much as a shudder.
Shyamalan's story is sound, but the execution dragged me to hell and left me there wondering if his much-rumored sequel to Unbreakable was ever going to arrive.
It seems flimsy and a bit superficial at first, but by the end you'll be hearing noises and looking over your shoulder.
'Alan Smithee' is a wuss. This film isn't half bad.
The problem with "Ready or Not" is that directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett don't know what kind of movie they want to make, or what to do with their heroine.
The phrase "lump of coal" comes to mind after watching The Dark Tower, a lavish and most definitely lackluster CliffsNotes abridgment of a CliffsNotes adaptation of the Stephen King science fiction-fantasy-western magnum opus.
There's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not, Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects.
...contains some decent acting and some solid atmospherics. The only thing it doesn't contain is a script adequate enough to develop any serious thrills, shocks, or suspense.
Paranormal Activity trafficks in shadows and shivers yet is more malevolent than a dozen Hostels.
Minor beefs aside, "The Green Inferno" is both a furious, full-stop cannibal horror show and a way for Eli Roth to ferociously gnaw at meat on the bone he has to pick with today's social-media milieu.
Annabelle Comes Home is neither here nor there - too generic for hardcore horror fans to enjoy, and desperately lacking in jump scares, which is sure to dissatisfy longtime fans of the franchise.
Probably the worst movie I have ever seen, in my whole 32 years of life.
Shutter features another pale, scraggly haired young woman a la The Ring haunting our protagonists. Yawn.
Garbage. Stinky garbage.
Despite the purposeful crudity of the cinema verité style, the film contains some strikingly memorable shots.
The issue with this film is it's all over the place... I just don't know why they made it so complicated unless they were gonna tie something else in.
...a kaleidoscopic phantasm of loss and pain.
There are better examples of a modern slasher than this Halloween out there. It's just that this one is still better than the vast majority of its imitators.
Cult Of Chucky roots itself in nostalgia long enough to shock us all by flipping the Child's Play franchise on its head in an invigorated, inspiring, and oh-so-deadly way.
A very good Goosebumps movie, not a very good Scary Stories movie.
It's entertaining enough, and the cast is great, but there's just not enough meat on the bones to really make it work as well as it should.
All the clues are there, and when you look back the entire picture comes together.
The plot is simple and the characters are few, which leaves the bipedal beast as the primary source of amusement, screaming and clawing its way across the screen.
I never thought I'd say this, but this movie gives torture porn a bad name.
Nearly three decades on, The Silence of the Lambs doesn't just hold up: it still startles in finesse and execution.
It lacks the subtlety of Night of the Living Dead, but deftly balances laughs and bloody thrills.
As all it really has going for it is superficial gloss, looking beneath the surface is that last thing it should be inviting viewers to do.
Inspired by Ridley Scott's classic, the low-budget Russian thriller is tense and impressive.
The Strangers: Prey at Night is nothing else, but basic entertainment for fans of the genre. The characters showed potential, but the script had no interest in them. [Full Review in Spanish]
The actors are good; the writing is clever and risky, but it's Mangold's excellent sense of just what to bring out and just when that makes this movie so effective.
Lawrence is fine as the solo-parented teen and Thieriot does a mean Tony Perkins (circa Pretty Poison, but on downers), but the sheer tedium of the storyline means you never really care about any of them.
This remake runs a full hour longer than Dario Argento's original 1977 horror masterpiece, and it eventually loses its way, but it also has powerful, unsettling imagery that's hard to dismiss.
I really enjoyed the first hour or so of The Signal, but, whereas a movie can overcome a bad start, it's tough to overcome a bad ending.
Rothe is the attraction of this high-concept, ludicrous sequel that trades charm for convolution.
A serviceable if somewhat redundant horror sequel that dribbles out its secrets slowly, "Sinister 2" doesn't have a particularly satisfying end - it's somehow both too drawn-out and abrupt - but it's got creepiness galore.
Baskin is the classic example of a film that fails because it can't support its carnage. I'm all for extreme blood and guts, but it needs to have purpose.
After Lugosi, all vampire performances are doomed to be compared against him as either homage or departure.
Fun, efficiently paced, and subversive.
V/H/S/2 is by no means a perfect movie; unlike its first installment, however, its hits far outweighs its misses.
The new film by Pascal Laugier is not the most entertaining slasher to watch, but it is just this characteristic that separates it from the rest of this type of films. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's not clear what exactly merited an updating of William Lustig's 1980 "Maniac" - a cheapo urban grimeball about a serial killer - but like a rash's unwelcome return, we got it anyway.
It will have you gasping with terror.
JC2 lacks the all-important character development we got in the first installment.
It becomes frustrating to see Cronin populate his genre film with more and more familiar elements, handling them as mere jump scare material and without adding a signature of his own.
The slasher king.
the ending is black but the film is great
One of the best of the 1950's creature features. (By a long shot.)
Surprise, it's no "Apollo 13."
The Tenant carries the most shocking double climax in all of cinema.
The end does not completely fulfill its purpose. [Full Review in Spanish]
Classic vampire movie, goofy scarefest before Scream did it.
The movie's third act makes up for this in a thrilling conclusion to this epic two-parter, one that may leave some fans with a nostalgic tear in their eye rather than thoughts of a sleepless night ahead.
Ready or Not takes great pleasure in setting up and paying off obvious gags and gore, then switching things up with a sharp take that keeps things creepy and intelligent throughout.
A mildly juicy sci-fi flick without any pulp.
A darkly insightful and entirely fascinating study of the most disturbing material out there ... and why we like to watch it.
While the ghost story is familiar, The Innkeepers ultimately stands out from other contemporary horror films because it's easy to like and identify with the characters
There's nothing really wrong with this iteration of Carrie, it's just that most everything that's right can't be attributed to the production itself.
Stephen King's Silver Bullet is kinda sorta good...
Give this movie credit for trying something new - and flat-out committing to it. But just because no one's tried an idea before doesn't mean it's a great one.
For all its boisterous profanity and splattery violence, the film is more of a weary sigh than a sputtering volley of indignation.
Over-the-top slasher will entertain teens; gore, cursing.
[Rob Zombie] makes good on the promise of being one of America's most distinctive horror directors to securely become one of its best.
For pity's sake, direct-to-video cheerleading competition films have more genuine intrigue than this.
Seeds masterfully explores what happens when one cannot stop the dam from opening.
Void of scares, its few engaging moments early on -- and Celia Imrie's acting -- just aren't enough to help Malevolent rise above its stilted performances and nonthreatening ghosts.
Lush sensationalism and Dickensian social justice collide in 1880s London, and if there isn't quite enough of either, it's still a slice of satisfying gothic horror.
Had the writing been deft enough to properly germinate them, there are seeds of ideas about the toxicity of aspirational real estate and those that indifferently own it that could have possibly have flowered into something worth exploring.
It's great that Smith is still in the game, but here's hoping for more the next time he steps to the plate.
Daniel Stamm's The Last Exorcism is one of the most interesting and accomplished horror debuts of the last few years.
This is yet another scary film within a scary film concept (surely someone would have pointed out to director John Ottman that this has actually been done before?).
It's a gripping and rousing perusal of our human souls -- an opportunity to become aware of our dark sides and meet them head on.
When it comes time to explain things, Ghost Ship founders hopelessly and runs aground on irrational thinking and rampant implausibility.
By the time the big finale shows up, you'll be absolutely thrilled; it's a harbinger of the end credits.
Beck directs a script so damaged it's a wonder that the Kriticos family and their annoying nanny (Rah Digga) don't escape through plot holes.
A misunderstood movie I loved on release and am thoroughly enjoying being smug about, now the rest of the world has realised its grave error. Tense and intensely frightening, though even after 20 years I have no idea what a baffle is.
Initially conceived as a soft-core porno, Kelljan eventually crafted this into a sort of Bram Stoker parody, although not everyone involved in the production seemed to be aware of this.
...has stellar moments of horror...
One of the most personable sci-fi horror films of its generation.
The best horror films, in my opinion, forgo the cheap jump scares and aim to make you feel uneasy, vulnerable, and on guard. Creep 2 definitely has that quality in spades.
Considerable care goes into establishing the premise, but the film eventually abandons psychological subtlety for hallucinatory garishness, which is too bad.
In a double whammy of satire, Get Out upends all the expected tropes of the horror movie and gives middle-class white liberals a thorough skewering.
Wait for it to hit cable.
Truly enjoyable, truly independent, truly scary.
A clever concept and stylish execution (in both senses) aren't quite enough to make this achingly meta remake/reboot/sequel stand out from the slasher pack.
For the more adventurous viewers, Colour Out of Space is a visually spectacular, insanely exhilarating, and unfathomable piece of work that could only have come from the minds of Lovecraft and Stanley. Highly recommended.
There's nothing exactly wrong with Vaughn's performance, which is edgy and scary. Vaughn simply can't help the fact that physically, he is completely wrong for the role.
This shameless, joyless affair hinges on a whodunit mystery that is so obvious in the first reel, it leaves you wondering: Is that all there is? Unfortunately, it is.
...too much buildup and not enough payoff.
The cast and crew here are all hungry nobodies looking for their big break. They should keep looking.
A promising feature debut from Lee Cronin with superb performances throughout and immensely effective atmosphere, even if some of the story beats feel a bit too familiar.
As one might expect, the results are scattered and rushed, taking the jumble of Stephen King's labored mythology and making it even more baffling by excising the eight-book series's most basic elements.
...often fares even better than its entertaining predecessor...
Just a little more skillfully done than many of its contemporaries, and whatever esteem I have for it is largely nostalgic, but at least it tries to be different.
Somewhat similar in mood and tone to It, this hugely entertaining scary story has its own delightfully demonic vibe, with strong characters, striking atmosphere, and furious frights.
Be prepared to have a new favourite to add to your midnight movie collection.
Some viewers might be confused by this grotesque Avant-garde satire of fashion industry but definitely won't leave them indifferent. [Full review in Spanish]
It's frustrating, not to mention insulting.
In this case, the weakness of so many sequels -- that exhausting sense of familiarity -- becomes a strength.
Perhaps the most fun you can have in a movie theater without risking permanent brain damage.
A sensational sophomore effort. Whilst that ending may be a source of contention, the rest of Us is simply superb.
The haunted House may be a built on a shaky foundation, but its scare tactics are sound, and its gimmickry is enough to stand out in a crowded genre neighborhood.
It's at least more watchable than Alien3 in that it knows it's a bit crap but has a blast with it anyway! I have to admire that, even if it still won't score that highly...
Fraught with tension and rife with intelligent insight.
Em um mundo ameaado por guerras, epidemias e bandidos cada vez mais cruis, Extermnio funciona no s como terror, mas tambm como triste alegoria de nossa realidade.
The latest in a long line of duff Amityville Horror rip-offs.
Yet another of this year's homage-facsimiles, The House of the Devil forgoes campy self-awareness in favor of reverential faithfulness--and in doing so, implicitly critiques contemporary horror cinema.
As far as fourth installments in a series, Saw IV is quite impressive.
The finale has energy to spare, all of it leading up to a gloriously shocking coda that, while not new, seriously made my skin crawl.
This is still a smart, affectionate, likeable and well-made movie, with a couple of extremely well-wrought scares to commend it. Bravo.
While Simpson's roving eye is sometimes nastily effective, the unremarkable storyline clings doggedly to generic clich and too many crucial plot points feel rushed and unpersuasive.
I'm uh-scared, I'm uh-scared!"
Enough winning shorts can be found throughout this terrifying alphabet to appease die-hard horror fans, but the journey will absolutely test each viewer's patience at some point.
Slasher films have gotten more grisly, grimy and gruesome - but few earn the three R's: repulsive, repugnant and rank. Elijah Wood has left Frodo far behind.
This unpretentious, bottom-feeding boo! ride reminds us that nothing--including games of our childhood--is safe from being plundered and yanked into a place of nightmares.
Kevin Smith's best film ever? If it's not, it's damn close. And if you don't know who Kevin Smith is, don't worry: this film's a blast, Smith fan or no.
good, malicious fun that revels in its own absurdity, lack of lofty ambitions, and determination to drag you down with it
Scary at the time, campy fun now
Florence Pugh is incredible and Ari Aster is a masterful filmmaker - whether his stories are for you or not.
a solid, suspense-filled 90 minutes
A triumph of genre filmmaking.
In the end, SAW VI is faithful to the franchise and the twist/finale are 100% satisfying. SAW fans WILL walk out of the theater with their fists in the air with the feeling that they've reclaimed their beloved franchise.
Not just the best horror in ages but a remarkably astute teen drama.
Talented actors are involved, and I will spare them by not citing their names.
I didn't understand the start of this movie; I didn't understand the middle of this movie; I didn't understand the end of this movie. It gets a few points for creepiness but that's all.
There is sincerity in how the plot is moving and how the character develops. [Full review in Spanish]
A gorgeously vibrant and yet shockingly violent bourgeois horror-comedy that relishes in its three female leads, proving that femininity can be deadly.
Horror Express really defies any genre, containing elements of murder mystery, zombie films, and even romance all mixed up together.
Works its way under the skin with a sophistication not often seen anymore in today's horror pictures.
Whatever life there is to the movie is what [Aaliyah] brings to it.
Queen of the Damned leaves us puzzled as to why the term 'damned' applies at all, when vampirism is depicted as so cool, fashion-savvy and glamorous.
[Leslie Nielsen and Jamie Lee Curtis] perform well. In fact, Curtis (an alumna of Halloween and The Fog, and soon to be seen in Terror Train) is very good... it would be great to watch her perform in a riproaring comedy or a searing drama.
If you're into the weird stuff, you should definitely catch this one.
The Invisible Man subverts many genre tropes to keep you looking over your shoulder well after the credits roll.
The Birds is an effective horror movie, although in typical Hitchcock style, there is far more scary anticipation than actual gore.
There are a great many moments and sequences scattered across "It Chapter Two." On the other hand, audiences might take issue with there being so many.
The film as a whole is a failure, but additionally, it's also a mess of unedited or badly edited scenes.
Save your soul for something more important.
There's a good dose of body horror to be seen.
If the story behind this chilling internet creation could have matched the quality of those aforementioned strong points, Sony would have a real horror gem on their hands.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo hurns out a straightforward cinematic gorefest that's competent and repulsive but not much else.
What makes Psycho immortal, when so many films are already half-forgotten as we leave the theater, is that it connects directly with our fears.
Sam Raimi had me at the ticked-off talking goat, but he gave me so much more.
The Strangers has been saddled with an increasingly uneven sensibility that ultimately dulls the movie's overall impact.
Insidious is a crashing bore, and will likely only frighten people who have never seen any horror movies.
As slasher films go, this is about average. The sets are cheap, with most of the budget seemingly going to the gore effects.
Despite Raw being a movie that will test your gag reflexes, this smart and unsettling film by first-time writer/director Julia Ducournau knows what it's doing, and does it very well indeed.
While Tammi's technical skills are beyond reproach, dramatically the film stumbles along like a dusty old tumbleweed.
the perfect stocking stuffer for misanthropic Scrooges.
The creepiness builds with symphonic precision until reality truly is indistinguishable from fantasy.
Although not as strong as first film, IT Chapter Two will devour you through fear, nostalgia and emotional connection.
Resident Evil: Apocalypse is pretty awful, still... Apocalypse, so this is the last one then right? End of everything and all that... *sigh*... right?
Silent House is a vast improvement over the Uruguayan effort; that is undeniable.
Sadly more boring than offensive despite its superficially controversial high-concept premise.
Bloodline can't figure out its message, and the characters are nowhere near interesting enough to overcome the muddled themes of the film
Melts in your brain, not in your hand (or is that it melts your brain?)
Scream 4 is thankfully a strong, if imperfect, return to form.
Besides the purely visual, the film's great strength, unless it is the film's most terrible failure, is its absolutely wild, aggressively indistinct structure.
This is a grim, ugly exercise that has nothing to say about the dangers of cyberporn.
Richard Stanley's Color Out Of Space is the best H.P. Lovecraft adaptation to date.
A mixed bag, but one sufficiently twisted -- and with enough goodies in that bag -- to be worth a look.
If audiences can embrace the major changes, they're in for a wicked, gory treat.
Starry Eyes balances Hollywood satire and splattery gore in a way that's both fresh and inviting, taking a typical struggling actress and exploiting her story with everything the horror genre has to offer.
Exploitation films don't come much stranger than 1973's The Baby.
...an uneven, disappointingly tame entry within the otherwise solid blank-from-hell genre.
Brutal and original, Artik is an existential study of violence and cruelty that's an essential watch for horror fans.
The supporting cast is awful and the low budget dictates a few moments worthy of MST3K ribbing. But the atmosphere of dread is pungent, the use of sound is inspired, and the makeup by the great Jack Pierce and Carl Axcelle is minimal but effective.
At its core, It: Chapter Two is about memory, loss, and good versus evil. I just wish it dragged a little less.
I loved this movie. If you let it sink its teeth in you, it'll grab you and take you on a bliss-lined path to hell. It's filmmaking like this that makes me giddy about horror.
Astute viewers will catch that a narrative bait and switch mirrors one from the same year's Psycho -- it's just one of the startling developments in a film full of fine characterizations, intelligent dialogue, and a pervasive atmosphere of dread.
Genuinely frightening in a way that's impossible to top 35 years later.
Nothing in Vacancy manages to come anywhere close to the quiet and steadily mounting dread of the real thing, much less the purview of Norman Bates or his beloved mother.
Bernard Rose's Frankenstein reboot is a welcome update to Shelley's long-remade classic, adapting old themes to a new, more tech savvy reality.
For a horror cheese-fest about six ill-fated teens on the verge of brutal maceration by inbred hick monsters, Wrong Turn is surprisingly worth the detour
The Reaping is frequently silly, occasionally cliched and slow to get going, but the acting is good and it rallies for an impressive climax.
Making Lin Shaye carry these films is a task she's simply not up to.
A gore movie with no teeth.
...a lot of the scares are basically Horror Movie 101. I would LOVE to have seen what del Toro would do with it.
An excellent prequel to The Conjuring, this frightfest, beautifully directed by John R. Leonetti, takes us back to the early 1970s for an nerve-jangling, first-class haunting stuffed to the gills with old-school spookery.
There are a few good pop-culture gags here, but it is the strong central performances of [Samara] Weaving as the hottie and Lewis as the nerd that elevate this to more than just an exercise in ironic B movie-making.
it's a bad sign when one's chief compliments are based around the idea that a movie isn't as bad as it could've been.
It's never a good thing to find yourself laughing during a horror thriller, particularly one with a menacing title like Saw. But laugh, laugh, laugh you will.
Scary Stories to Tell In the Darkis yet another in a line of great horror movies this year.
Unfriended happens to be a pretty good time.
Defies all rules by being a post-trilogy sequel as vividly original and resourceful as any horror film released in years.
The characters aren't interesting enough for us to be scared for them.
...the Creeper himself - once an ominous figure, he's now become about as scary as a bowl of Corn Flakes.
There's more than a little David Lynch influence at play here, but Goldhaber handles the material expertly, as evidenced by his award for Best First Feature at Fantasia 2018 (not to be outdone, Isa Mazzei's screenplay also received honors).
The Grudge could have been something much more than just another notch in a never-ending franchise. As it is, the film is exactly as competent as it needs to be.
More zombies, more babes, and yes - more dogs covered in K.C. Masterpiece . . . Sometimes less is more, but sometimes more is REALLY more.
The Den looks at how nebulous digital anxieties can become corporeal truths in dangerous human hands.
Alvarez serves up some jaw-droppingly tasteless third-act twists to ensure this all sticks. And that's his big mistake.
...every bit as bad as the first two movies were good. Just pretend the last two sequels didn't happen. (Alien Quadrilogy)
Think of the Sleepaway Camp trilogy as a live-action version of the "Itchy & Scratchy" cartoons that the Simpson kids love so much.
While it's undoubtedly high time we saw more black leading characters in mainstream horror films -- and Lupita Nyong'o makes a good kick-ass mum here -- I remain unconvinced that he's really reinventing the wheel.
Wearisome and stupid and not nearly scary enough.
A mess of theological ponderings, cheap twists and turns, and cheesy stylistic choices.
Strap in for a cruel, slow ride and you'll be thinking about Midsommar long after the credits roll.
With a topical premise -- and an intriguing explanation to back it up -- Barry Levinson's The Bay is an admirable entry into the found footage genre.
The new chapter features a few scary sequences, especially if you don't like rats.
Hovering between amusing and entirely unnecessary, the remake of The Amityville Horror is not the flat-out disaster it could have been.
Building to a gratifying finale, the tale seems to end at a natural point before a very uninspired final scene tries to set up a sequel that this story definitely doesn't need.
One of the most spooky films i've seen in a long time...
While generally a well-made horror remake... fans will be chomping at the bit waiting for the slaughter to begin, and once it does, it has very little to offer beyond what John Carpenter did in the original movie.
Like many thrillers, the setup of "Silent House" is more compelling than the payoff. But "Silent House" has built up enough good will by that point that the slight letdown hardly matters.
The scares come fast and furious, and they do not relent until the very last frame, leaving the audience thoroughly shaken.
[Possum's] shiver-inducing, claustrophobic, hauntingly brilliant nightmare fuel, powered by an engagingly disturbing central performance from Sean Harris.
The ending is too abrupt, but the rest is methodically paced.
Rarely in 35 years have I encountered a freshman effort as assured, inventive and relentlessly surprising as Gwen.
Happy Death Day 2U loses the snappiness of the first film while injecting a substantial amount of gleeful absurdity. It won't please everyone but you'll be flat out lying if say you were bored.
Even in moments when we're supposed to be scared or thrilled, particularly in the tacky third act, you laugh at the absurdity.
One of the great filmmaker's best films, and a stylistic -- if not budgetary -- breakthrough.
[Eggers] proves to be an original and accomplished storyteller with much more to offer than cheap shocks.
Severed-head- and-shoulders above the spate of recent shockers.
It may not completely succeed as a horror film, though I would take its deliberately funky and low-key vibe over the hard-sell nonsense of "Paranormal Activity" any day of the week.
Modern horror comedy that resonates due to the brilliance of its young star. [Full review in Spanish].
Barely recommending this. Take the first film & this one & shrink the whole thing to 3-hours & you have one of the best horror movies ever instead of just a good one.
one of the great sci-fi horrorshows, a movie that gooses you with its premise, makes you laugh and jump, and ultimately leaves you with something you can't quite shake
Bloodless kills that are mostly laughable? Check. Dumb characters doing dumb things? Check. A truly scary movie? Okay, maybe that is a tad too much to ask.
Off the top of my head, I can't think of another fright film with a cheerful scene devoted to purse shopping.
The classic child separation trauma of going off to college is given a rollicking new dimension in a splatter flick with a message.
The plot buried beneath all the narrative playfulness has a fleeting, pedestrian feel.
The film may be ridiculous, but give me a river of blood, a rain of frogs, a plague of flies and a storm of locusts, and I'm a relatively content moviegoer.
doesn't move in any direction and instead wanders without much aim at all
A quality ghost story with an unusual backdrop and great performances.
Solid horror film that pays hommage to the great character-driven horror classics of the sixties and seventies.
A very literate, bibliophile shocker.
Krampus is undoubtedly slight, but it's also a lot of fun as it rails creatively against the warm fuzziness of most cinematic Christmas fare.
Halloween is the best film in this franchise since the original and one that is sure to delight fans while making many new ones.
For all of its airs of refinement, "The Awakening" is pretty stale stuff.
So remarkably bad by just about every metric by which it could be judged.
One of the worst sequels ever.
A gritty, snappy yet fun movie that pulsates with atmosphere and has a dedicated performance from Scodelario at its core.
Quite the entertainer. It's a little scary, but not too frightening for children.
An ill-considered, utterly unnecessary remake.
A horror movie that sits there and drags and seems very full of itself, and is based on the premise that puddles are scary. They're not.
The film is intricately written and directed to build intrigue, dropping inexplicable events into the narrative that build quickly in frequency, freaking out both the characters and the audience.
This is a Christmas film with an enjoyably barbed edge.
Sinister 2 is a definite improvement on the first film, enriching the narrative with a heavier emphasis on mood and expanding the universe as a whole.
[Caitlin Gerard] performance, together with the atmosphere and the underlying emphasis on just how tough this way of life was, keeps the film watchable even in its weaker moments.
An admittedly stylish piece of work that's ultimately undone by an overly deliberate pace and increasingly confusing screenplay.
I loved Mandy Lane, its characters, its gory details, and its fine resolution. [Full review in Spanish].
Psycho doesn't do much for Van Sant, and he doesn't do much for Psycho.
While there's a lot to appreciate in this film's peculiarly dark humor ... a lot of the more clever moments are undercut by Glover's campy performance.
As uninspired as its generic title, Creature works hard at being a direct-to-DVD-quality monster movie.
Crawl is a well-paced, nerve-shattering, bone-crushing thrill ride, one that'll make you think twice about going in the water.
Where the film fails is in the actual structure of the story, which is riddled with inconsistencies, gaping holes in the plot, and what seems to be a mid-point shift from one story to a completely different one.
Director Catherine Hardwicke (who made Thirteen) captures perfectly the breathless thrill, fear and fascination of first love.
Suffocatingly tense for most of its taut 88-minute running time, home-invasion thriller Don't Breathe should, in the interest of the viewer's health, be re-titled: Don't Forget to Breathe.
A classic example of 'horror-light' - a movie that succeeds in scaring its audience witless without using most of the stock accoutrements of standard horror movies.
This is a really stupid movie and that's really disappointing since I really did enjoy the first one.
If a tree falls in the forest and only the Blair Witch is there to hear it, can anyone hear you scream?
Jordan Peele takes on racism in Get Out and infuses his horrific tale with his signature satirical wit for an experience that's fearlessly bold, hilarious, and an important reminder that we have so much work left to do when it comes to issues of equality.
The characters feel underwhelming and its story proves super predictable.
It's a really smart approach to an ageless tale, and putting aside all deeper meaning, Wildling works on its surface as a cool and spooky monster movie with great performances and some extremely effective gore.
Vile, bleak, and dismal.
A bold, boisterous, bloody good time - and any old-school Horror Freak able to get over the "How dare they?!?" attitude should absolutely find a lot to enjoy here.
Possum is all demented nightmare fuel filtered through mental instability and emotional repression. Its business is 'chill', impure and simple.
Joe Johnston turns a classic monster into an anaemic bore.
Despite its flaws, Halloween is still one of the better sequels to the original timeline. It clips along at a good pace as it hurtles toward the inevitable conflict with an increasing intensity.
Bogliano's unnerving mood, complemented by grungy camerawork and a shroud of sonic chaos, provides an emotional strain that makes anything possible.
While I don't quite think that David Robert Mitchell's It Follows is one of the scariest movies ever made, it is certainly one of the most unsettling.
There's so much to enjoy, even when we're taken down the rabbit hole of depravity after the secrets of the house are finally revealed.
If swimfan does catch on, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh.
The aptly entitled 'The Disappointments Room' is the latest flaccid floorboard frightfest that tries to turn its predictable creaks into gloomy gold. Instead, 'The Disappointments Room' is yet another redundant devious domicile drama
a tame and insultingly derivative version of POLTERGEIST.
[A] deliciously dark first offering from Egor Abramenko.
It is a film with tone to spare, but like many of John Carpenter's works, it could stand to trade some tone for a little substance.
[A] simple but horribly effective low-budget suburban horror ...
Amanda Peet is "Paris," a call girl who dreams the dream of all call girls: To return to Florida and run an orange grove. What qualifies her for a life in agriculture? "In my profession," Paris says, "I love getting my hands dirty and making things gro
Mildly effective "fact" based horror from Wes Craven.
And just when things are poised to get interesting, the movie goes nowhere really, really fast.
This film is painfully predictable.
Erratic perspectives and high-strung camera movements predominate, ricocheting from one gory tableau to another.
It's like a bizarre game of Clue but this time it is who wants to do it, in what room, with what weapon. Quirky, enjoyable entertainment. Oh, and I really enjoyed Samara Weaving.
Midsommar plays like a slow and inevitable train wreck. It may not surpass Aster's previous film, but it does show us that not all horrors live in the dark.
The movie's high points are its makeup and special effects. The movie's low points are almost everything else.
In the realm of throwaway horror flicks, there's a place for You Should Have Left. It doesn't deliver enough to warrant being labeled as more.
Writer-director Glen Morgan is more in love with his own cleverness than he is with the movie he's making -- and that is never a good thing.
A solid entry in the genre of science fiction horror.
By overly relying on jump scares, "The Nun" uses a mechanical approach toward instilling fear rather than a more profound understanding of terror.
Where Insidious: Chapter 3 stumbles -- and it's a big deal -- is that the individual scenes and the whole of the movie never pay off in a satisfactory way
The Blackcoat's Daughter aims for lofty satanic thrills, but gets lost in visuals that oversell a barbed but tangled nightmare.
The intricate plotting . . . reveals everything and yet, using the audiences preconceived notions, makes each fact a surprise and each fiction a shock.
A fantastic horror film that still holds up resoundingly well today.
Death is never final so long as the box office and foreign market sales remain relatively strong, thus we have yet another devastation destination in time for the end-of-summer theatrical doldrums.
Not scary enough to cure your hiccups.
If this is actually the last gasp for Saw, it goes out on the same note it's played for years -- screaming bloody murder.
Taps into our deepest, darkest fears, and offers us a bloody, instant horror classic that's not for the faint of heart.
...may have germinated as a goofy conversation on his podcast, but Smith follows it all the way through to its bloody, bewildering end."
A movie that explores the common ground between visceral horror and sketch comedy, and finds plenty of it.
A slick, accessible and thoroughly entertaining piece of Japanese anime.
As with last year's lean, mean B movie Vacancy, Bryan Bertino's The Strangers is a white-knuckle thriller in which a couple going through relationship difficulties is terrorized by psychos.
Slasher comedy-horror isn't a kid-friendly reboot.
There's no excuse for the film's vile misogyny, even if violence against women is a staple ingredient of such films.
It's the screenplay's salient collision of past and present that sets the film apart from most horror sequels.
This classier-than-average shocker leaves you with renewed appreciation of east London as a historical melting-pot.
Promising and, in places, highly effective, this haunted-house variant more than fulfils its Friday Night fright flick duties but could have pushed through to a whole new plane.
And doesn't all of this have a familiar Ringu to it?
A sacrilegious adaptation of an excellent video game, Silent Hill: Revelation will infuriate gamers, and just confuse everyone else.
It's hard to imagine anybody's spine being chilled by a relentlessly average spooker as empty-headed as its wooden villain.
The film's clunky point-of-view shift and obviously re-shot climax are likely to have you choking in disbelief.
Puts to shame most major studio horror releases. Classy even while getting down-and-dirty, unusually savvy about the importance of tension and character nuance over viscera and a soulless body count.
Scream is the story of when innocent women come up against angry men.
One of the unexpected horror gems of the 1980s.
What scared audiences then will almost certainly strike kids raised on the unholy trinity of Michael, Jason and Freddy as quaint and slow.
This film is more enthralling thriller than horror, a delicious mind-bender, the blackest of humor and enduringly provocative.
If it's discouraging -- or at least disorienting -- to see that Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley have signed on to a gnarly work of science-fiction horror, lighten up. They have good taste in schlock.
While the movie has wonderful moments of unmotivated tension that make sure we're quite ill at ease from the beginning, it's also got a few too many of the kind of cheap boo-scares that indicate a director not fully trusting his grip on you.
The concept is best utilized when Alvarez emphasizes the maze-like quality of the house, and how the blind man's mastery of its spatiality works to the thieves' detriment.
It's a grim dirge masquerading as a moralistic fable.
What could have been a dandy super-thriller instead becomes a mediocre display of gruesome special effects in Scanners.
'Blood Quantum' is a refreshing break from the same sad drama that is usually regurgitated when filmmakers, even those from an Indigenous or Native background, attempt to talk about the Indian experience.
The ornate sadism isn't enough to carry our interest this time around.
Too nervous to thrill, too daft to upset anyone, and constantly policing how much fun it lets Spencer have.
not quite edgy enough to be cool and it's certainly nowhere near scary enough for most horror fans
In Happy Death 2U all of the spontaneity of the first movie is lost and all we have left is a dumb argument, a poor script and a forgettable film. [Full review in Spanish]
Swinton, as usual, is all in.
A motion picture so intensely layered, so fastidiously detailed, so remarkably constructed, so suggestively atmospheric, and so emotionally resonant it earns its place as a modern work of art.
Miller turns every scene that requires the slightest display of emotion into an overblown Oscar clip, complete with piercing wails and glycerine tears.
The sort of creepy movie that is perhaps best thought of as spooky fun -- and 85 years have not changed that.
It's a contemporary telling of 'The Monkey's Paw.'
Mama is a film that teeters on the brink of being good or bad, but the top-notch acting, stylish visuals, and surprisingly unconventional ending make this worth seeing.
Wingard and Barrett's "Blair Witch" is a love letter to the original capturing the same thrills and chills while updating the cinematic style -- in all the right ways.
Pet Sematary is so engrossed in its own self importance and supposed deeper meaning it forgets to frighten us, or even give us a reason to care in the first place.
Chapter 3 in the Insidious franchise is an improvement on the second film but it's nowhere near as polished as the original.
"No one lasts more than an hour," goes the saying about the room. It's probably how long your attention lasts too. But it's one hell of an hour.
It is a suspenseful, thrilling movie that builds to a crescendo, but I don't want to spoil that part.
It's a solid shocker throughout, with horror icon Larry Fessenden as our radio DJ guide to the menacing morality lessons.
It perfectly homages classic horror movies while feeling contemporary in its themes. However, it's also one of the most entertaining movie experiences I've ever had.
One of the most inane entries in a genre already piled sky-high with inane entries.
A horror flick that's all talk and (almost) no action? The risk pays off better than you'd think.
It's kept just above water by an adept cast, led by a terse and practical Corfield as well as the experienced duo of Dougray Scott and Connie Nielsen, who anchor the silliness, despite the latter's bewildering attempt at an Irish accent.
Passable is about the best one can say about The Limehouse Golem, although if you are a Sherlock Holmes or Jack the Ripper fan, it may well float your boat.
Something lacking either body heat or visceral suspense.
In this creepy Irish-Finnish co-production, that fear combines with more modern concerns about the traumas of parenting in a way that freshens up the soil.
If you are looking for a genuinely scary Halloween film, this is a good bet.
Yet another example of how a small and talented cast, a great script, a relatively modest budget, and some inventive film making can render a far superior horror film.
Those upset about being shortchanged in the bathful-of-blood-bucket-of-giblets department can rejoice, since whatever the new Chainsaw lacks in the organs-a-poppin' sweepstakes, it makes up for in sadism.
The horror genre is blessed to welcome another innovative female director who is telling stories and rebelling against the traditional gaze-pushing the envelope and experimenting in true artistic fashion.
Don't let the fact that visible breath and frosty misery take priority over exploding heads and fetus-licking snow you.
Blood spluttered it may be, but Peele shows his worth twofold as a master of the psychological horror aficionado who is on to the path to greatness.
The apex of Corman's skill for reworking AIP's standing Gothic sets to get the maximum possible bang for his buck.
The increasingly ridiculous behavior of some of the other humans turn the film laughable by interrupting its brutality with banality. And when it comes to vampires, brutal is always better.
In this third act, Boyle loses the genuine tension and anxiety that came so naturally before.
Its retro melding of [The Conjuring and Insidious] with a heavy dose of Carrie-style telekinetic mayhem doesn't result in anything particularly memorable. Apart from the Slade, that is.
Goosebumps is a fun, if frantic, scary adventure for kids that even captures the spirit of R.L. Stine's original books.
It Chapter Two isn't better than Chapter One. It's certainly not scarier. Here's the thing, though: when it counts, it's every bit as thrilling.
A complete snooze -- it doesn't even qualify as a nightmare.
A pale affair, made tolerable by Bela Lugosi's droll one-liners.
Derrickson bounces back from his insipid redo of The Day The Earth Stood Still with an effective chiller that's got a skeleton or two in its closet.
A modest, low-budget horror movie with some effective ideas and an engaging lead performance but it clutters itself down with too much dialogue about its title character and the very concept of evil being potentially brought to physical life.
Co-directors Benson and Moorhead cleverly maintain the likelihood of this most unlikely of holiday romances, taking their time to let the narrative breathe and flow.
This is not a story that was ever destined to work on film.
A high-concept horror that oozes atmosphere and unease without relying on computer-generated effects or buckets of gore.
"Scream 4" finds a way to live up to its gory past while it carves out new terrors in new ways (new media helps).
Sorry, he's no Dracula, not even a Chris Lee
There is ... very little that this film does right, and I can identify nothing to justify its existence.
Been there, done that.
... the film is sure to be polarizing. Fans of The Passenger will find Sputnik an exciting return to form. ... It's also true that the sur+ of narrative threads paired with a hefty runtime will prove too much for some casual viewers.
The formula is so rigid that no matter how clever the variations, they're still fundamentally predictable: Any character around long enough to acquire a name is bound to wind up resting in pieces.
Script goes supernova, black holes abound.
Filmmaker Whannell does an absolutely stunning job of immediately drawing the viewer into the deliberately-paced proceedings...
By the time the ride is over, director Drew Goddard and co-writers Goddard and Joss Whedon will change course three or four times, nodding and winking but never losing momentum.
A decent followup...
A humdrum, even irritating slog that, safe to say, won't be giving anyone a sleepless night.
Boasts quite a few throwbacks from character details to visuals, but it isn't really a reboot, rather a reimagining and if you don't mind the change in tone, it's quite enjoyable.
There isn't much dialogue, and most of the 98-minute running time is devoted to locking in one terrifyingly gothic encounter after another, but the characters are well defined, and director Mickle makes every dime of his micro-budget count.
A powerful variation on the multi-story film. SOUTHBOUND is five horrific stories, each of which fades into the next.
Though crudely drawn, clumsily acted and 20 minutes too long, Saw is just ingenious enough to hold your interest.
The script, credited to Juliet Snowden and Stiles White, adheres so closely to formula that it's possible to predict not only which characters will end up dead, but in what order ...
A last hurrah for the type of on-camera, practical monster effects that would soon go the way of the dinosaur, extinguished by the asteroid impact of digital technology.
Carpenter enthusiasts might find solace in his return to the big screen, but ultimately the mass majority of horror fans will be disappointed.
A disastrously flawed, if admittedly scary film which fails to hold up on closer inspection.
As a horror flick, even one held to the impossibly low standards of the found-footage variety, Alien Abduction fails to thrill or chill.
It's all fun and games until somebody gets hurt.
An entertaining cerebral chiller.
In general the film is well executed, but just lacks the creativity it needed from Bressack the writer to set itself apart from so many similar nightmare fests.
The movie never loses sight of its twin objectives: maintain suspense and emphasize a message about the enduring, pernicious power of racism.
House of 1,000 Corpses lacks scares and suspense, two vital elements in any good horror thriller. But while it fails to terrify, it successfully nauseates. Make of that what you will.
Scary is back in the cold deadly way. This horror film contained all the necessary ingredients for a classic fright.
The larger social commentary is timely, exposing the class divides of two parallel worlds. ... yet, the underlying metaphors never fully gel with the surface-level A-story plot, which is what "Get Out" did so well.
The Sacrament's intriguing setup is squandered by predictability and the filmmaker's irritating refusal to stick to reality/found footage 'rules'.
Dark Skies unveils its horror slowly, creating a suspenseful ride that feels satisfying even though we're traveling a familiar road.
the film's rote nature and its complete lack of the kind of self-aware trashy thrills and humor we might expect from a good Renny Harlin flick (or even Ellis's immortal Snakes on a Plane) drain it of energy and fun.
Still/Born is a genuinely original horror movie that gives a knowing glance to Rosemary's Baby and Gaslight while offering a disarming mix of humor and scares.
Unless you're looking for a midnight movie to watch in the middle of the afternoon, beware when you walk into the multi-plex or you just might make a wrong turn and wind up watching this - you'll be sorry!
"Us" exceeds all expectations and then some.
You look at Event Horizon as you would something that fell out of someone's nose.
The movie, heavily hyped by fanboys and long-delayed, isn't scary. By the third act, Whedon has written himself and his characters into a corner too silly to gracefully get out of without cheating.
Suggests at least this much: the race for Worst Film of the Year is going to be extremely competitive.
Download the trailer. It's cheaper, quicker, and efficiently shows you everything you think you want to see from the movie.
A portrait of vengeful occult torment that pushes hard to redefine the meaning of "witch trials."
Stimulating entertainment. [Full Review in Spanish]
This remake of the 1990 psychological horror movie makes a half-hearted stab at changing up the story, but in the end it just feels listless, without the original's disturbing existential scope.
A fun ride if you don't think too much about it after it's over.
Like Twilight, makes the shallow desire to run away with a boy the heroine's main concern.
It bridges the cautionary elements of a horror film with the wish-fulfilling platitudes of a touristy romance.
Even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer's screenplay, which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien, with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship.
A batshit, wild summer thrill! Forget "edge of your seat;" I had to stop myself from jumping out of it a few times. Crawl is a must-see on the big screen with a packed house.
The Nun is like a Ramsay Brothers film with better production values. Even the Ramsays never churned out this level of drivel in the name of horror.
Nicholas McCarthy admirably tries to deliver both a terrifying tale of horror while mixing in more gritty elements, but doesn't explain much as to why.
The film plays lively games with the macabre.
As a horror comedy, it's not scary enough - or funny enough.
Another of those recent horror pictures that you resent while in its presence and forget immediately afterwards.
The haunted house genre has been done to death (pardon the pun) but this one has some genuine chills. The plotting is aggressive.
Like all the best horror films, the grisly events unfolding onscreen are merely a cypher through which the filmmaker can address prominent social issues.
First-time feature director Eddie Alcazar has created an ambitious, trippy and ultimately hollow sci-fi flick that looks like a TV commercial for Giorgio Armani.
There's little here to add to the well-worn haunted house genre.
A contrived and confusing socially conscious horror hybrid.
A sustained if wildly unco-ordinated assault on our senses (our emotions are clearly not on his battle map), complementing those feverish jump cuts with a cliché of equally stunning proportions.
The Nun lacks the confidence to let the location and mood speak, let alone whisper for themselves.
The creeping presence of horror-flick hokum not only robs the scares of their strength, it shatters the realism that the single-take format is trying to convey.
...a horror film that suffers from a lack of commitment. Its story and characters are as murky as the water that flows endlessly throughout it.
You want it to be satisfyingly stupid, and it is. A sense of humor about garbage like this goes a long way.
Proves again that Romero hasn't lost his touch and hasn't run out of things to say.
28 Days Later is not only monumentally creepy, it also has a sense of almost-reality, the feeling that what goes on could happen if given the right circumstances.
Jason follows the ol' tradition of monsters going into space.
A nifty way to get freaked out for eighty-two minutes. Hellions is Alice in Wonderland if Alice in Wonderland was about unwanted teen pregnancy.
Unfortunately, or fortunately if you're hoping Lion's Gate Films takes a bath for pretending that sadistic pornography is fun fare for Halloween, the movie [is] pretty dull.
An entirely superfluous attempt to recapture the magic of the original film. A remake masquerading as a sequel that goes nowhere and has nothing new to say.
"The Dark Tower" is just interesting enough to be worth checking out and quite frankly was probably too weird to be given the slow roll and turned into an eight-movie franchise.
Reference points from the legend of the Beast of Bodmin, movie werewolf classics to tabloid tales of Catholic child abuse are ticked off in debut director Simoen Halligan's effective yarn.
Tragically overproduced, with a glaring central miscast.
Although it has plenty of atmosphere and tense moments, Silent House is ultimately lacking in every other department.
Really the biggest problem with Dark Skies is that Stewart can never quite decide just what story he is telling or whether to focus on this character or that, instead struggling to string together scares regardless of how they fit together overall.
A monotonous horror-comedy.
A fine example of genre filmmaking that's positively brooding with tongue-in-cheek satire and vulgar, macabre imagery.
recoups from minor mistakes by making bold choices in the middle and third acts
It successfully gives you the feeling that you're being ushered through an especially well designed haunted house - but by forgettable characters.
[Moss] is the heart of this story, which combines ... paranoia, mental illness, female empowerment and domestic abuse into a tale that - unlike Cecilia's abusive boyfriend - never overstays its welcome.
With the complement of a supremely likable cast and heaps of effective jump scares, the chiller ably matches up to its underrated predecessors.
Cursory, dull, and as forgettable as any movie you'll see this year, The Dark Tower's best virtue is its brisk 90-minute runtime.
If you can show it on screen, science can understand it. It is fine to show the supernatural, and weave tales around it. Just don't resort to tired tropes to tell us how mysterious it all is. Show us, and let us decide.
(T)he filmmaker fashions an experience where nothing is what it seems, where the first 25 minutes or so see more twists and turns than in a dozen derivative fright flicks...
Lifechanger is a surprisingly heartfelt body horror film ... without much conflict.
The attempts made to flesh out Janek and Tanja's rocky relationship, especially, are pure Screenwriting 101 contrivance.
The Messengers falls flat with its tedious plot, clichéd storyline and unsurprising twist.
Sorority Row isn't remotely scary, but it's still a lot more fun than it ought to be thanks to strong performances and a witty, terrifically bitchy script.
Even as haunted hotel King movies go, 1408 is certainly no Shining. Not even the TV-movie version.
Stevan Mena's debut film carves up body after body in a ritual homage to the serial-killer genre.
A little suspension of disbelief goes a long way once the scary stuff gets going.
The scariest thing about the film is your own emotion, as you burn with rage watching it -- angry that you've been hoodwinked into paying for such slipshod work.
The haunted House may be a built on a shaky foundation, but its scare tactics are sound, and its gimmickry is enough to stand out in a crowded genre neighborhood.
In many ways Red Letter Day is a humour heavy, daylight spin on The Purge, one which works well, but could benefit from a longer run time.
[The Gallows] winds up telegraphing its final twist so far in advance that you begin to resent the characters for not cluing in.
Well acted, well directed, and totally intense, 'Eden Lake' is the best horror film to come out of the UK in years.
A skewed, dark adaptation of Roald Dahl's story featuring one of Anjelica Huston's most energetic performances.
The very first response to "What's a good haunted house movie?"
It's a good concept with five strangers stuck in an elevator with bad things happening. Unfortunately, the devil is included every step of the way.
No one should be forced to endure such garbage-not Six's actors or his crew and certainly not moviegoers (or even critics, for that matter).
The idea is better than the execution, unfortunately, although director Jim Sonzero does create a few extremely eerie moments.
The emphasis on the wealthy 'hunters' who run and patronize the death club suggests a gorehound revamp of 'The Most Dangerous Game'...
I checked my brain out, and gasp, got some entertainment value from the film. The special effects, fight choreography, and production design are actually pretty good.
E.C. Comics-style horror films are the LAST place one should attempt serious social commentary.
Horror remake isn't for anyone, let alone teens.
Things that are unique are interesting, and that can only be a + to the stuck-up, artsy-fartsy horror film critic like myself.
The National Guardsmen and -women are picked off one by one in scenes of birth, death, rape and other carnage that aim to be as grotesque as possible.
Finding itself at a loss in how to deliver anything that even remotely resembles a scare or a chill, Wish Upon is uninspired and messy.
At its best, The Neon Demon's sound and image combine to create sequences of surreal beauty and sinister menace.
Guillermo del Toro's gothic horror, haunted house shocker -- perhaps the most visually striking film of the year -- is in a class by itself. A rich and effective horror movie.
3 From Hell is an unnecessary, yet delightful third film in the saga of the savage Firefly clan.
The master of magic has created something wonderful to look at but emotionally null and void.
Gregg Hale and Eduardo Sánchez's A Ride in the Park puts a thoroughly innovative spin on the zombie genre and immediately establishes itself as a highlight within the entire series.
A stomach-turning masterpiece.
The writer gets as tangled in his own explanations as a puppy in a 30-foot leash.
Where the film exceeds 'Dog Soldiers' is toward the end, as Sarah comes to grips with what it will take to survive her ordeal and gets in touch with her feral side.
Beck clobbers the audience with the most gruesome prologue I have ever seen in a horror movie and then settles the story into a routine ghost story and bloody body count.
Unmistakably ancient, but full of invention.
Occasionally atmospheric series entry with unusual dowbeat tone.
Though not quite as timely or cohesive as his debut, Jordan Peele's Us, the hotly anticipated follow-up to Get Out, is an impressive sophomore effort which expands upon the appeal of his prior film without retracing its steps.
Confronted with a film this bad, you take your laughs when you can find them ... That classic SNL skit featuring a door-to-door land shark comes to mind.
Don't Look Now brilliantly portrays the loves and losses we all experience, our here and now dictated by the fallibility of human nature and the cruelties of time.
All of [the] concept's potential, though, is squandered in the final act of Antebellum, which elevates action over ideas...
In a taut, grippingly intense performance, Bacon captures the frenetic torment of a man driven to extremes by forces he can't begin to fathom.
Wingard and Barrett aren't trying to reinvent the wail here, which is mostly a good thing.
The Nightmare is momentarily diverting... But it feels over-long, it doesn't have much to say in spite of the admittedly interesting subject matter, and it's unlikely non-horror fans are going to find it particularly scary.
The kind of cinematic endeavor where you suspect both cast and crew were obligated to bring their own beer.
A supremely confident film, bursting with humor, horror and a surprisingly large amount of heart. I had an absolute blast watching it.
It's a wildly fun conceit ... Mitchell's atmospheric rendering of It Follows gives the film a fanciful, otherworldly feel.
What elevates this nouveau Willard above similar restorations of used pulp is the way it sustains the original's queasy menace while applying neatly stylized layers of grit and wit.
...virtually nothing here to hold the viewer's interest.
Manages to carve out its own distinct and memorable place in the history of this franchise. With a chainsaw.
Ay, caramba!
It's a story that loses momentum, the narrative lurching unsteadily towards the denouement in a story that perfectly illustrates that looks aren't everything.
The performances are amateur (at best), the formula is predictable, and there's nothing scary going on here.
For the most part the film succeeds in producing a frightening Halloween weekend experience.
Like so many other works that milk our nostalgia for original characters from celebrated properties, it doesn't build upon the foundation in any interesting ways. It comes across as fun fan fiction, but you'll be wishing it had more tricks and treats.
Visually astonishing.
Watching Nosferatu is like standing in the same room as death itself.
A very mild, very dull mystery with supernatural undertones that's mostly a long, slow buildup for an unsatisfying conclusion of little sense.
Come the garbled end there are more holes in the plot than there are in the rickety old house of the title.
Wise brilliantly uses black and white widescreen to strand his characters in odd-shaped rooms or corridors, making the watcher's eye skitter frantically over the letterbox screen to catch every ingeniously rendered detail.
Genre fans will appreciate the craft and intelligence with which Saulnier's assembled his movie -- when they're not digging their nails into their thighs.
Agreeable retro nonsense.
The flick is hackneyed at times, often overwrought and indulgent when it should be tighter, but it's fascinating in its own way. It's hard not to admire its tenacity, its audacity, its very existence.
It's as creepy as it needs to be, and not even remotely as creepy as its asinine R-rating would indicate, and it's pretty shallow beyond that.
What Van Sant's film does, tremendously well, is make the material foreign again.
Freddy Krueger's 3-D death is about as lame as the rest of this crummy flick, the sixth and supposedly last in the often imaginative but ultimately numbing Nightmare on Elm Street series.
A Gothic tale that recalls the better stories of Stephen King
Thanks to Brad Ricker and his team, an evocative '70s colour palette and fragments of cartoon brutality do wield a certain grindhouse picture charm.
The Invasion is a wretched mess from start to finish, and it taints the reputations of every single person who not only appears in it, but also goes to see it.
hanks to casting that is savvier than the horror norm, and to direction by John Harrison that is workmanlike and sometimes even witty, at least it's fun.
When Bad Things Happen to Stupid People might have been a better title.
It is high time for viewers with a hang-up to reevaluate the pleasures that Halloween III: Season of the Witch has to offer.
A estpida tentativa de combinar cenas de violncia realista com outras de humor pedestre anula o impacto do filme e nos leva a questionar a sanidade do jovem Craven.
I'm not sure that a commercial laundry folding machine with a bad case of demonic possession is any more ludicrous than the haunted Plymouth Fury found in King's Christine.
"The Rental" is a well-acted thriller that manages to effectively ratchet up the tension.
The film is visually striking, even if the images don't always make sense.
The ship is ugly, the ghosts are boring, and the effects (with the possible exception of the cheese-cutter incident) are less than spectacular.
While Ascher brings the experiences to life in a way that could conceivably induce nightmares in casual viewers, the potency of these scenes is ultimately diminished by repetition.
One Missed Call is a mess.
One of the very best of the recent slasher offerings because it mixes its laughs and chills with more smoothness and grace than usual.
The last 15 minutes or so is a very satisfying bit of horror cinema.
Mildly proficient as far as throwbacks go.
Here is a unique fright flick that sets out to terrify and does it to capacity, eschewing fangs and claws to find chills and thrills in the unquenchable evil of human madness.
A creepy, clever thriller is re-envisioned into the type of cliché-filled teen horror movie that Wes Craven spoofed in the Scream movies.
The whole thing is just as ludicrous, pseudo-intellectual and spiritually bereft as The Da Vinci Code, and it's a hideous monstrosity regardless of your faith.
Survival of the Dead may not be one of his best, but it does illustrate that George Romero still has something to offer the fright film faithful. Unfortunately, they may be less than willing to work with him this time around.
At the very least, it's an old-fashioned ghost story with half a brain -- and that's got to be worth more than a casual glance.
...talent does not matter much, just as long as the women?who, of course, all look like supermodels?wear skimpy, transparent outfits throughout the movie.
The female leads are uniformly characterless, as if Central Bimbo Casting has been told, "Keep sending in the next interchangeable blonde."
The attempts to tie everything up into a neat bow at the end feel jarring, abrupt, and rushed.
Paranormal Activity 3 is an effective and genuinely scary prequel-slash-threequel that effectively expands the story and won't disappoint fans of the first two films.
As the title character, Routh has to carry the movie with bravado and charm, appearing in most every scene, narrating in the style of a hundred film noir private eyes. And he just doesn't have it.
Just another grisly puzzle with no agenda except to convince us that hell would look pretty good after spending almost two hours in this hole.
The Last Exorcism's cynical take on faith is worse than pandering, it's ineffective.
Always a dependable actor, Clarke does exemplary work here; as he's overcome with grief, you understand why he's reaching for any kind of way to keep his family together.
I've always thought that a warning label should be placed on the Good Book.
There are no stakes, tension, or scares. It's not a spoiler to say that the title acts as a warning message to the characters within the film, but it also acts as a warning to the audience as well.
While it clearly moves at a slower pace than most modern films, it is still one of the most beautiful and atmospheric horror pictures ever made.
Though the scares are undeniably effective, there's something forced about them. Each shock is delivered with almost mathematical precision.
One trap leaves a woman impaled on a movie screen, producing an image that succinctly if literally sums up a genre's cynicism.
By the film's downbeat climax, Cerda's dread of death and uncertainty about digging too deeply into what's better left buried have become palpable, and The Abandoned lingers beneath the skin as any decent horror movie should.
Brightburn has a solid pitch: Man of Steel meets The Omen. Unfortunately, it's a concept that ends up making for a much better trailer than a feature film.
- Aspirante a Terror em Silent Hill (jogo e filme) que, repleto de clichs e personagens caricaturais, revela-se apenas cansativo e previsvel.
Tense and faithful adaptation of the Stephen King classic.
The kids are screaming and the camera joggles us to the point of nausea but, at the end, the film's big reveal is just a cheap, dull shimmer.
This isn't a great horror movie so much as a fun thrill ride.
Scary Stories delivers up Halloween fun with enough chills and memorable monsters to solidify itself a worthy gateway horror film to revisit for years to come. It's overly familiar formula will ward off seasoned horror fans, though.
In terms of the female-body politic, it's an art-horror dirty bomb.
In a film that is by no means light on candidates for Worst Single Element, Richard Burton is pretty clearly the very bottom.
The film's failure is thumpingly basic: Roth just lacks the chops to turn everyone into chops, in any way which scores as either potent horror or lip-smacking satire.
A remake in title only, this House of Wax is mostly inspired by The Twilight Zone and the Friday the 13th movies.
See this and you'll never be able to look Frodo Baggins in the eye again.
Forget Million Dollar Baby and Boys Don't Cry, keeping a straight face here could be the greatest achievement of Swank's career
Rich with forbidding details and impressive scare tactics.
A film that detours from potential greatness for the sake of a few dark laughs and modestly chilling thrills.
A worthwhile recommendation for fans of the fright genre.
Let's just hope that your theater and your town don't have any dark secrets that may be carried in along with The Fog.
Delivers a tasty blend of the predictable and unexpected.
Director Renny Harlin helms like a bat out of hell, and obviously doesn't know a pentagram from a mammogram.
Viscerally entertaining, with plenty of macabre humor and surprisingly thoughtful moments, Ready Or Not is an unpretentious bit of bloody fun.
One of the greatest horror films ever made.
Although competently made from a technical perspective, the movie is unexpectedly bland on a story level.
The fact we care at all about the outcome is a testament to the actors, and only the actors. But buried beneath the Christmas clutter is a much better movie.
Those of us who quickly tired of the grisly fun and games midway through Saw II will resent the unnecessarily convoluted plotting and storylines that require a master's degree in Saw studies to make any sense.
It's pretty wan and spotty, in fact, though probably not as bad as the most rabid Hammer fanatics would have you believe. Certainly, it is a stunningly terrible sequel.
You've never seen anything like Repo! The Genetic Opera. Not that you'd want to.
I'd like to tell you how dumbfoundingly awful The Neon Demon is, but I know when to give up.
However if your ideal horror ride consists of a slight, choppy-driven chiller with a wicked streak of understated genuine jolts then fine there is a certain abandoned haunted house in the woods that is waiting for your arrival not to mention your approval
That ultra-low Rotten Tomatoes score is misleading: this is better than you think. But at the end of the day, it faces one pitfall too many, stumbling into mediocrity despite itself.
It wasn't until the movie was over that I realized it had pulled off the neat trick of creeping me out without showing even a single drop of blood.
Focused so much on the head that it almost forgets that the heart exists. It's more nauseating than frightening and far more conceptional than it is terrifying.
Even if the premise is tired, this grim thriller holds the attention by focussing on the raw intensity of the characters' personal lives.
New Line's smartest move was letting Ronny Yu direct.
I'm not the horror lover in Schmoes Know, but "The Conjuring" isn't just a great horror film, it's a great time at the movies.
[T]he movie just becomes a parade of jump scares and general silliness.
The dialogue is flat, the plot lacks coherence and the characters are underwritten.
The movie flirts with big concepts and then flakes out.
Ready or Not is a stupendously chilling, riveting and crazy horror.
A CGI-laden Frankenstein built from spare pop cultural parts, existing only to pander to an ADD-afflicted demographic of teenage boys.
You won't want to eat, drink or be touched after a bout of Cabin Fever.
The Invasion's lack of thematic coherence points not only to a simplistic view of the world but to the fragmentation one risks when undergoing artistic collaboration within the film industry.
It's refreshing to watch a horror film that's this unpretentious. It's not afraid to be profoundly cheesy...and it actually unsettles us with hideous grisliness rather than mere noises on the soundtrack.
Suspenseful and funny enough that you almost forget you're watching a film about an evil Amazon Echo that bends over backwards, and nearly breaks, trying to look like a Child's Play remake instead.
The social commentary is as subtle as -- well, a George Romero movie.
This is B-movie fare, pure and simple.
As it has evolved from a 10-minute cabaret piece, through a short film Bousman made in Toronto, to the big screen, Repo! The Genetic Opera has gained in both guts and gusto.
This is the proverbial curate's egg of a film: good in parts.
The Box is an enigma in modern Hollywood. I am actually pretty surprised it was allowed to make it through the system, though I am very happy that it did.
It's all very unsubtle yet compelling food for thought that manages to craft some decent genre thrills.
The film's defining emblematic moment comes when a man crawls out of a Port-O-Potty covered in feces, thereby providing an approximation of the audience's experience.
A textbook example of audience manipulation, as Hitchcock shifts our identification from character to character with the alacrity of a magician.
Perhaps the only elements done with moderate amusement are the creature effects, which are almost solely attributable to the Pumpkinhead costume itself.
Tries way too hard to recapture the magic of the first movie ... lacks the emotional impact, replacing it with more common horror movie cliches.
I couldn't stop laughing through the whole mess, and unless you have a high tolerance for pretentious, nonsensical, unscary crap, you'll be laughing, too.
The movie shoots itself in the foot with a gimmicky ending.
The girl who doesn't know how to handle two suitors and dithers between them as a means to prolong the agonies of young love has seen its day. It was brought to the point of exhaustion in the movie Hardwicke modeled so much of this on.
Blair Witch styles itself as a love-letter, but it's pure transcription.
Ready Or Not is a fun romp into the lives of the rich and wealthy, revealing the messiness and discord beneath the fake smiles and glittering exteriors, with a stellar break-out performance from Samara Weaving.
...the coolest thing by far is the inclusion on the soundtrack of three songs from the James Gang's 1973 Bang album, featuring Tommy Bolin on guitar.
[Rec] will definitely jangle the nerves. But it's a movie that's unlikely to last in the memory.
The inevitable meltdowns feel unearned because of predictable, yet unmotivated, character turns. There's no one to root for, not even the dead girl. Nothing seems important enough.
The House on Willow Street works unexpectedly well as a pulpy, unpretentious, horror comic book of a movie.
Still stands on its own as an intriguing and chilling example of how horror works best when the characters and the audience don't have to be lobotomized.
A review-proof adventure certain to keep its intended demographic enthralled for a couple of hours.
This is an impressive film, building on the original but speaking for itself.
It leaves you with a sour taste, especially since Fulci and his screenwriters fail to provide us with any redeeming or even mildly interesting characters.
A superior direct-to-video sequel...
Insidious: Chapter 2 ups the scares, raises the stakes, heightens intensity, and creatively expands the Insidious mythology in a way that has me begging for a Chapter 3.
...an oddly undercooked bit of genre filmmaking...
An arresting and memorable first feature that marks out McGregor as a talent to watch.
Still, Southbound does deliver when raising signals of suspicion, atmospheric chills, head-scratching symbolism and a startling presence of isolation in the form of a stretched out highway presumably heading to the halls of hell.
Red Christmas is just one missed opportunity after the next, and I'm left wishing Anderson had done more with both his story and his characters.
What it lacks in scares, it makes up for in sheer competence - which frankly is more than can be said about a lot of its ilk.
A fine string of scary installments that makes the original V/H/S, even its better entries, pale in comparison.
the title Slaughter High was better than the movie itself. I was actually hoping for a bit more slaughtering than old high school buddies hanging out.
Each scene in "The Invisible Man" sets the right tone, building the foundation of tension block by block so that we the viewer have no choice but to jump in our seats as the madness unfolds.
[Delivered] by Garris and his peers with a true understanding of a horror fan's fixation.
The soulless-ness of their empty plot of track homes and super-store existence invokes both Poltergeist and Employee of the Month.
The kind of film that may give you pause the next time you walk into a dark room by yourself.
You'll leave Hardiman's deck wondering why you weren't more rattled, even seasick, while hoping for another genre flick from the clearly skilled director soon.
The Polanski rips begin with the obvious (having a couple named Mia and John, as in Farrow and Cassavetes, is about as blatant as you can get) and continue throughout, to an annoying degree.
If the reptile brain in you, that ugly little cluster of cerebral cells where all the destructive urges lie, needs a good jolt, Jeepers Creepers offers you just such a treat.
While it builds palpable tension early on, No One Lives de-evolves into a generic torture porn gorefest in its second half, becoming increasingly absurd as it does so
In the third act of the film, one no longer knows whether to laugh or cry. [Full review in Spanish]
an allegorical commentary (from a non-American director) on the United States, all lost at sea and at odds with itself now that it is under the steerage of an incompetent and deceitful helmsman.
This isn't it.
Setting aside the question of the value of horror where the entire raison d'être of the film lies in showing people being tortured and murdered, the very format is limited.
Despite its initial premise showing promise, Case 39 turns out to be boring, predictable and nothing new.
28 Weeks Later underlines the fact that when you come back from the grave, you're not always looking so fresh.
Danny Elfman's music is haunting and jaggedly elegiac, the perfect underpinning to the movie's look.
Succumbing to the worst possible scenario for a film like this, I, Frankenstein is a boring and poorly written attempt at establishing the infamous creature as an action icon.
The director's smartest achievement, however, is the way that he shifts the narrative emphasis around, frequently via plot twists, minor and major.
Feels like people who could be making a much better film spending too much time playing in the same old sandbox as everybody else.
...a hopelessly obnoxious piece of work...
In spite of the absurdity of the plot and the flimsiness of the concept, there are enough bloodcurdling moments here to make you cower, jump or hide beneath your seat at least once or twice.
It never quite manages to capture the same tension and dread, the scares have become predictable, after all there are only so many times you can pull off the same trick.
Though Paranormal Activity 2 doesn't quite have the shock value or surprise nature of the first film, it's a fitting sequel and close and respectfully builds on Peli's original, for which kudos should certainly be paid to studio Paramount.
Fans will be happy to see their favourite ghouls pop up; it doesn't really matter that they don't actually do anything this time around.
...midnight movie fans have their ways of repurposing movies for their enjoyment. And I wouldn't want to get in the way of that.
Black Christmas is certainly a film reveling in these two flavors, but someone must have accidentally added a lump of coal to the mix.
One of those rare films that's just pulsing with energy on so many levels - as genre-loving comedy, as straight-up horror, and as something you've simply never seen before. The Cabin in the Woods is a great film.
Flashbacks of the original Carrie are the only worthwhile portions of this otherwise abysmal movie.
Brian A. Metcalf's Living Among Us is a fun little found footage neighborhood riff on vampire mythos, albeit an incomplete bite.
The sound and visuals of this movie are not to be missed on the big screen if at all possible.
A creepy, back-to-basics horror film that blurs the line between grief and madness.
Cusack, a talented everyman but not quite a slick leading-man type, spends much of his time alone, battling the elements as it were.
It turns found footage into a lost opportunity
Anyone who thinks Carrie is just another horror remake will be in for a rude awakening. Or, should I say, a pleasant surprise?
Hostel II is far too shrewd and savagely witty to be caught engaging in higher seriousness.
As far as independent horror films go, Still/Born is one of the better psychological tales that you will find on the market today, although this might not altogether be the case if it wasn't for our leading lady.
Baskin at its heart both reveals and revels in the self-defeating, inescapable rituals of masculinity, and the visceral, inescapable horrors that can accompany them.
As Natali's potent allegory about child-rearing turns deadly, absurdity is, thankfully, just about kept in check through committed performances and the director's deflating of the most risible moments with well-judged levity.
Coupled with the distancing cop/killer face-off, the erratic pace may cause viewers to tune out long before a twisty ending that manages to be satisfying, if not surprising.
It's easy to envision the big-budget remake, but hard to imagine a mainstream American production capturing the original's sour, sweaty immediacy.
A film without interest, wit, imagination or even entertaining violence and special effects.
Peele's parting thought is not to insist that we are destined to be slaves to the narrow thinking of others, but that we have a responsibility to remain cautious and vocal until such ideas have been destroyed. Get Out is an urgent call to that necessity.
It's never uninteresting.
The story takes improbably lurid turns and sometimes tangles its thread. Yet at every twist, it is saved by the moral weight of the tale, the gorgeous, haunted vistas in Eric Maddison's cinematography and the solidly credible, equally haunted acting.
The first scary movie of the year!
Twenty-four years after he freed the Israelites, Charlton Heston returned to Egypt to insult the ancient gods again in 'The Awakening.' Let my people go -- to their Netflix queues, to request the erratic but more enjoyable 'Blood from the Mummy's Tomb.'
Medieval fantasy movie has bloody violence and horror.
...a marked improvement over its decidedly uneven predecessor...
Enthusiastically joins that specific sub-genre of 'the Nazis mucked about with the occult and paid for it' films.
There is a senseless scare every 5-7 minutes. Now, after one or two you start to get the giggles but after the third or fourth false scare you begin to Laugh Out Loud.
You can notice some effort in this film, but ultimately ends up being a product passing indifferent to us. [Full review in Spanish]
A '90s nostalgia fest with some interesting points to make.
Next time the aliens come invading, they may want to pass the brains, hold the lecture.
Director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell admire all sorts of fright, from the blatant to the insidiously subtle. This one lies at an effective halfway point between those extremes.
Faulty logic is a major problem, but the film earns a pass with its goofy charm.
An ambitious and surprisingly disturbing tale that's heavier on the thematic ideas than on the gore (which is admirably restrained).
If Raimi had a rubber skeleton he could launch into the audience, he probably would.
Dave Franco assuredly directs a script populated with well-rounded characters throughout an intense, atmospheric story that grips the audience early on and refuses to let go.
This film gives us all the terror of the original without any of the sarcasm of the rest of the series. Wes Craven's return is impressive and rivals the original in terms of quality.
Surpassed in its shocking effects perhaps only by Warhol's version.
Has a strange beauty, an intensely creepy atmosphere, and a grandly operatic feel.
Halloween manages to combine the weaknesses of both of Zombie's previous movies, while rarely tapping into the strengths of either.
Kimberly Peirce's Carrie succeeds because of young Chloë Grace Moretz and her immensely talented character creation, bringing her own unique spark of life to Carrie White.
Sadly, the makers of Darkness Falls can't find that flair, even with a bag of high-powered flashlights.
The end result isn't a rallying feminist cry so much as it is an intoxicatingly stylish slap across the face of good taste and moral decency.
Director Steven Beck builds his Ghost Ship with borrowed materials from all across the cinematic sea.
The calculated outrages of Eli Roth's brutal exploitation film prove less shocking that its relentless bigotry.
Great use of the 3-D format in a better than average horror film.
Really funny -- not on purpose -- sci-fi thriller.
A near-perfect blend of nostalgia and innovation, updating the concept for the modern era while hewing close to what made the original film so great in the first place.
I found myself being more appreciative of the filmmakers' efforts to recapture the vibe of the original than entertained or scared by the film itself.
An almost comically by-the-numbers ghost story...
Will leave you eager to RSVP for this particular wedding over and over.
[Patrick] is malevolent, but he's also melancholy-the ultimate example of a guy who likes a girl, but try as he might, can't make a move.
Excitingly unique, deeply disturbing, and beautifully macabre. Why can't more films be as proudly one-of-a-kind as this one?
A smart, stylish horror picture that offers a fresh twist on the ever-reliable revenge theme and affords a raft of talented young actors solid roles that show them to advantage.
Steeped in horror tradition and drenched in the red stuff, The Lullaby is a fiendishly nasty bit of babysitting well worth staying in for.
It is highly inventive, but rather disappointing.
Isabelle rightly steals the show courtesy of her smouldering and deranged central performance, remaining charming throughout despite the horrors she ultimately commits.
Leatherface is one more of the bunch, it does not mark the way to anything new, but it shows us that Hollywood ran out of ideas for quite some time and is willing to recycle whatever it is. [Full Review in Spanish]
An ugly, disturbing, passionately conceived cult favorite, Last House on the Left is much more complex (albeit crudely made) than its controversial reputation would suggest.
What's the point in warning of the perils of the information age by creating a scareless, formulaic film that fits so snugly into the thoughtless consumerism of the culture you're trying to criticize?
Someone could make a slapstick comedy sequel to Saving Private Ryan and it would be no less faithful to the original than this picture is.
Hader's wonderful ability to meld humour and horror, using each to animate the other, is the best special effect that money can buy.
The perversely funny, consistently spooky and pornographically violent The Signal, is the first great cult hit of 2008.
Essentially, it's a brave, bold and brash piece of film-making that deserves to find a cult home on DVD.
One of the most original and unequaled horror films of the decade.
A horror film that will haunt your waking hours for weeks. Every frame of It Follows is stamped with nameless dread.
They band together to combat the curse of these unnatural impulses and strike out to kill their original attacker in hopes of saving themselves.
An entrancing and spooky masterpiece of sorts.
A lot of fun and an OK end to the studio's glory days.
Vestiges of the ingrained attitudes of centuries of slavery on the country's home turf still remain...[and Peele] uncovers and explodes them brilliantly in this hugely entertaining horror-comedy-satire.
Director John R. Leonetti photographed 'The Conjuring,' and he brings the same prowling, creeping camerawork to bear on an even less credible spook tale.
A bloody mess as a movie, one with acting so lame it's likely to prompt shrieks, not of horror but of derisive laughter.
[Blu-ray Review] An elegantly photographed, legitimately frightening tale that does not shirk away from its controversial concepts. The high-def release of "Prince of Darkness" receives my full, unequivocal recommendation.
[A] frightening follow-up which will keep fans, and newcomers, happy and satisfied.
[It] has a split personality, as it contains two movies that are frequently at odds with each other.
the film doesn't just strain credulity, it viciously rends it into teeny tiny pieces and then dances upon it with wild abandon and maniacal glee
Phantasm II has a nice sense of fun to it which makes it the perfect viewing material for this time of year.
...often far more entertaining than it has any right to be.
It's mostly agony.
Saw II is not for the faint of heart. It's for the foolish of wallet.
Australian film-makers Andrew Traucki and David Nerlich have done a great job in making the world's most deadly reptile as scary as a shark.
Neasa Hardiman's latest feature is a triumph in atmospheric horror. Sea Fever is a thrilling ride that excites and frightens. It's a slow burn, or more like a slow drowning, that's bound to make you seasick.
Not only is this useless "revision" ignorant of history, it panders to its modern audience with look-Ma visual brouhaha.
Will there a bigger, better blast of pure, unpretentious, popcorn entertainment this holiday season? Not bloody likely.
Depp is as good here as he was in Ed Wood and Donnie Brasco, which means the movie has a lot more going for it than special effects, as sizzling as they are.
Blair Witch (2016) is what The Blair Witch Project would be if the original had been made today - which is both a compliment and a concession.
[A] barely competent domestic thriller, bound to make you groan more than think.
Watching Feardotcom is often like being splashed with sewage by a Super-Soaker.
Us is a terrifying thriller that is wickedly funny and jam-packed with striking visuals.
A flabby, nearly three-hour affair where everything matters so therefore, nothing does.
Jordan Peele's Get Out contains a fascinating idea and some intriguing social commentary, but it's ultimately let down by bland execution and writing that never allows the idea to come to full fruition.
An effectively unsettling mix of Southern gothic and Old Testament hugger-mugger.
Enjoyably ludicrous low-budget psychological-horror...
Sure, Del Toro's usual flair for grotesque visuals is apparent, though these spiritual permutations sometimes feel too over-the-top for a narrative that justifies a YA range of intellect.
A really odd mix of killer rat flick and Disney-esque kiddie movie. Too weird to utterly dismiss.
A wonderful horror film because the people are so ordinary
A gooey, frenetic, raucous and mind-meltingly clever delight. This fabulously compact little morality tale is the most fun you'll ever have analyzing our economic collapse.
Dunstan makes his directorial debut with this fast-paced, suspenseful horror that wastes no time on pointless exposition, but instead tosses plenty of genuinely tense moments into this primal fear-fest.
An intelligent and stylish macabre tale straight out of the world of Lovecraft or Poe, Abattoir will keep the grey matter working until the closing moments.
As long as they keep pumping out the cheese from Dark Castle's schlocky shock shop, I'll be there, nachos in hand, waiting to be overwhelmed with cheddar.
No, the script isn't anything special and the novelty long ago wore off in this style of movie making. But the execution in this film from John Erick Dowdle is amazing, the camera work and cutting perfect.
My anger that women filmmakers doing a horror anthology is seen as a novelty almost overshadows my disappointment that these short films aren't very scary.
This is the kind of film that manipulates the characters in ways to respond to these supernatural elements in a manner fitting for the scene rather than the movie as a whole.
Eggers' aesthetic, suffused with artful dread and punctuated by a malevolent goat, runs deep, and its portrait of American hysteria manages to feel both historical and contemporary.
Classic B (or ant, in this case) flick.
Well-acted, if not as thought-provoking as the original film. Still very much a mixed bag of a movie
Upon reflection, it's not difficult to understand why The Reaping languished for so long on the shelves of Warner Brothers before being dumped into distribution. The film, despite attempts at edit-room reparation, is virtually unreleasable.
File Prom Night with those thrillers that make you root for the killer rather than the victims, so annoying and vacuous are the picture's stars
There is pure expressionist inspiration in Murnau's juxtaposition of the malign wolves and the terrified old women: a poetry of fear.
Alvarez is primarily interested in upping his corpse count, in the most gruesome ways imaginable. In this, he is undeniably successful. He also establishes an effectively breathless pace, and weaves in a steady stream of fan-friendly references.
If Charlotte Bronte and Daphne du Maurier had been collaborating screenwriters at Universal Pictures in the 1930s, the result might have been 'Crimson Peak.'
J. Lee Thompson's entry in the slasher sweepstakes, done up with the usual lack of style.
Annabelle Comes Home uses all the tricks in The Conjuring playbook to be one of the scariest and most entertaining movies in the franchise.
It's a professionally polished package -- cinematographer Peter Deming frames the carnage beautifully in widescreen -- but don't go in expecting scares so much as laughs.
Please don't quit, Kev. We've forgiven you for Jersey Girl. Honest.
While Antebellum is dazzling to the eyes, it also leaves an icky taste in your mouth in its leering, exploitative depiction of violent, slavery movie tropes.
Horror's same-old same-old, flatly-acted, but set in India.
The film meets the basic requirement of any good thriller: a memorably tense sequence or two.
It merely exudes an aura of cheap manipulation by which the audience is simply asked to rank the film's characters on a d-bag scale and root for their survival, or destruction, accordingly.
A landmark of Expressionist cinema and contains many dazzling set pieces.
Just when it seemed that there would never be another original teen horror movie comes this rough-edged but pleasingly creepy American indie ...
This demon-possession horror movie has enough good moments that it's a shame the filmmakers didn't try harder; for every effectively moody scene, there's another that's lazy, twitchy, or shopworn.
The setting is spectacular, but its ghosts underwhelm. Kudos to del Toro for bucking the minimalist trend in spooky movies, but his Grand Guignol spirits are so visible they begin to resemble fun-house monsters.
The audience is teased with fleeting glimpses of the threat lurking in the shadows and its first real appearance is played so well it is a thing of horror poetry.
Red Road's Dickie excels in this gritty slice of urban horror.
Saw VI plays like the last gasp for relevance of a heavy-metal series that has not only gone regurgitation-rusty but seems lacking much of a will to live.
Reduced to a generic cartoon team-up mystic dimension-hopping action movie that barely functions...
An engaging combination of nerve-jangling suspense, graphic swerves into unexpected shock, queasy surgical procedures and the blackest humour.
Director Johannes Roberts employs a brutal smash-and-grab burgling of comfort - percussive, not concussive. He leans into a John Carpenter aesthetic and leans on synthesizers and fog machines. The film leaves scars without merely scorching the earth.
Schrader's Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist may be slightly more literate than Harlin's dopey schlockfest, but this deadly dull and pretentious film is ultimately just as bad.
Creepy and strangely compelling, 'Mama' isn't the junky horror flick you might expect.
There are a lot of challenging elements in The Invasion, but ultimately, the movie is a bit too easy on them, itself, and the audience.
[N]one of this is particularly suspenseful, not only because of our previous knowledge of the gimmick, but also because the movie itself offers no genuine sense of discovery.
... Freaks is a film which trades in paranoia, the kind where audience presumption gets them into trouble as they try to stay ahead of the story instead of giving themselves over to the journey.
The Ward, Carpenter's first feature since 2001's Ghosts of Mars, has the logy, diffident attitude of a lost artist.
More of a remake than a sequel, but pretty weak either way.
This is one film that shouldn't have been birthed. No, in fact, it should have been aborted.
...could have been more than a pale shadow of the original if the filmmakers had taken their time...
Darlin' is an enthralling mix of incisive social commentary and unapologetic violence that surpasses its predecessor with more to say about issues of abuse, autonomy, religion, homophobia and misogyny.
A visionary slice of visceral experience.
Panic Room meets Wait Until Dark in this pitiless, uncommonly serviceable horror thriller.
Exciting, action-packed and superbly directed.
It all builds to a maniacal yet hilarious finale that will deliver the goods you expected.
A sub-Tales from the Crypt ghost story that never scares up any serious chills.
Well paced and shrewdly written, Scream 4 works just fine as both a whodunnit and a who's-gonna-get-it-next.
...takes seemingly benign, everyday technology and turns it into a vehicle for menace.
Romero's Hatfields-and-McCoys setup feels more random than creative, and the idea that they're all Irish -- or cowboys! -- is more desultory still.
With lackluster effects and no atmosphere, this is a horror that horrifies in the wrong way.
Despite its familiarity, I'd recommend 2 for, appropriately, two reasons: The characters of a dog and a baby -- who can see what's going on in the house but can't verbalize it -- are used deftly.
More than an entertaining thriller. It's a highly original one.
[F]or it to work, one must set aside the most basic considerations of one's conscience as firmly as the screenwriters dismiss the entire plot and point of the original film.
A bizarre, frightening, and clever new low-budget movie with a "Twilight Zone"-ish premise.
The Bye Bye Man is basically a battle between the familiar and the incompetent. We lose.
13 Sins may not be the most dangerous game, but Daniel Stamm's Jigsaw-inspired contest presents plenty of moral conundrums worth experiencing - because you're not the one answering them.
The film may be ridiculous, but give me a river of blood, a rain of frogs, a plague of flies and a storm of locusts, and I'm a relatively content moviegoer.
It never met a haunted house cliche it didn't like, but Wan mercilessly piles on the uncanny events, gradually escalating the pitch from creepy to freaky to utterly bananas.
Smith deserves props for following this whimsy all the way through, but all things considered, Tusk is a suspense-less, predictable film that's seriously hampered by a lack of narrative invention and unique style.
Jump-heavy scares numb the nerves long before the finale.
If you let yourself be taken over by its sinister spell, you'll be in for an unforgettable experience.
Chucky had plastic surgery and this is the result. It's bland, pointless and forgettable. [Full review in Spanish].
Incrivelmente eficaz, este suspense mantém um clima de tensão e claustrofobia constante e ainda tem o mérito de investir em um elenco exclusivamente feminino.
Se você valoriza a construção consistente de um clima de melancolia e tensão, dificilmente se decepcionará.
Great fun and infinitely superior to even some cinema-released shark flicks. Bonus points too, for co-starring a heroic shark called Sally!
Those expecting a shock-a-minute gore-fest will most likely walk away scratching their head, but as a semi-homage to Dario Argento's Suspiria, The Woods is a creepy little winner.
Take a life jacket.
This would be just another breasts-and-blood teen horror if it wasn't for the inclusion of one of the most amusing bitchy characters for some time.
There's only so much shakycam and shrieking a person can stomach in one go.
This supernatural horror is nonsense on toast.
On its own, the disturbed ghost in the haunted house framework is pretty routine, but it creates a fun showcase for the short stories, and the film's effective tension and scares are enough to cover for any lack of originality.
A waste of a great setting and some talented actors.
Filmmaker Diederik Van Rooijen kicks The Possession of Hannah Grace off with a striking opening stretch that eventually subverts one's expectations...
The horseman charges on, breathing life (from it's severed esophagus) into this sleepy and hollow production.
In Blood Quantum, a remarkably timely new zombie thriller streaming on Shudder, both accidental and intentional commentary abound.
Quaintly entertaining combination of slasher stuff and haunted mansion material.
Wheatley's sui generis sophomore effort confirms him as a weasel to watch under the cocktail cabinet for.
Samara Weaving is a one-woman firestorm, blazing her way through a crumbling house of cards.
1BR keeps it focus on the perils of community, specifically one brutally controlled by various white patriarchal figures.
Really nothing more than a quick, cheaply produced studio money-making machine feeding off Americans' insatiable bloodlust.
Sea Fever proves better in concept than in execution, let down by a second act of fumbled editing and slackened tension.
The point of Vacancy is the terror, not the torture. Horror is vastly more effective when left to the mind's eye and it is what we can't see in Vacancy that truly frightens.
A modern fairy tale of the Grimm-est sort.
The survivors never seem like anything but thinly drawn types and the sporadic attack scenes aren't especially original or scary.
So much for "The Dark Tower" "franchise"
Peele twists the screws expertly, sometimes goosing us with a solid jump-scare, sometimes relying on the slow burn to instill a sense of dread.
How could this movie be so unconscionably bad - so inept in every way - that it actually makes "Jaws: The Revenge" redeemable?
It's not pretty, but it's bloody good fun.
This latest horror remake may not necessarily pack the same horrifying wallop as the original, but When a Stranger Calls is still a classic example of a babysitter's worst nightmare.
A decent (if completely forgettable) thriller...
Freddy tends to the laughs, Jason takes care of the body count, and the result is great fun!
Sit through the roller coaster plot and enjoy Craven doing what he does best, but don't expect to walk out leery the next time you see a full moon.
While It Came from Outer Space's theme is a refreshing change of pace from the doomsaying brethren of its era, its appearance is not.
I dare you to reach the credits of this generic schoolyard excuse for genre furtherment.
What's significant about this is that three of Asia's most creative forces have come together in a single project.
Beyond the ability of Halloween to provide the gut-wrenching suspense and brutal murders to satisfy the audience's bloodlust, it's thematically one of the most interesting slasher films to ever grace the screen
Well, I've seen worse.
With extremely heavy echoes of his own 1998 film Ringu, Nakata is on subtle creep-out form here rather than big horror movie mode.
Carrie might be a film about high school, but it was perhaps Brian De Palma's first completely mature film.
An atmospheric and stylish -- if not always smart -- ghost story.
Even the title is lame, but it does convey the movie's overall effect: numbing and toxic.
Just when it looked like Blumhouse was on a winning terror track with The Gift-not to mention the quirky little Netflix item Creep-it got detoured straight into S***sville with this groan-inducing cash grab.
The Breed is all bite.
Sounds interesting enough, right? What could go wrong? Well, everything.
Lopez wades through many nonsensical, pompous, gradually annoying dream-logic scenes.
To reveal anything more about this film would be criminal.
Director Kimberly Peirce delivers a worthy remake to a horror classic, while offering enough changes to make it seem fairly fresh.
...creepy and funny and would be great as a midnight movie.
...near perfect...
Even with a canon that includes the definitive versions of (among others) Frankenstein, Dracula and The Phantom of the Opera, this 1941 classic has always remained my favorite of the studio's prolific output.
28 Weeks Later is brutal and almost exhaustingly terrifying. It is also bracingly smart, both in its ideas and in its techniques.
Shorter and sillier than the original, but easily more entertaining, this version feels like less like a documentary of supernatural events than a piece of nasty pulp horror.
While this is the only portion of this franchise entry to remotely deal with this motif, it's also the least effective, lacking in any real kind of cohesive design.
This is Days Of Our Lives for the living dead - possibly the only film in history to prompt the reaction, 'That would have been worse, if not for Donnie Wahlberg's acting talent!' and far more predictable than you'd expect from the director of Saw.
A documentary that compiles the theories, frequently hilarious, rarely persuasive, about subliminal imagery in Stanley Kubrick's film...
Saw II almost was a total loss until the end, which almost saves the movie.
I would have preferred a better written film with relevant action that hinged on Jigsaw's original spirit than this mess of a splatterfest.
Stephen King has admitted himself that he was coked out of his mind during the making of this. Well... duh!
Even if by the closing act the movie has begun to feel a bit preposterous (enter the giant sea storm) and the resolution a bit saccharine, that's a small price to pay for a movie that's trying hard to reinvent horror the old-fashioned way.
A visual and emotional treat.
The film begins at ugh and ends at dang. You don't yell at the screen so much as yawn at it.
This is a movie with plenty of violent action-including a chase through a subway tunnel involving a flame thrower-but that also has a brain in its head.
Curse Of Chucky is a vicious return to form for one of horror's most legendary icons, terrorizing victims in the purest, darkest form of criminal insanity.
An economical (less than 90 minutes) and often brutally effective scare machine that sometimes, somehow, manages to feel less derivative than it is.
A ripped-from-the-headlines psychological chiller that burrows under the skin with its terrifyingly local twist.
Nevertheless, Gwen gets by on atmosphere, ambiguity and swinging barn doors.
It was very well-done. The acting was solid.
Game of Death is one of those films that would be a great choice for a party film, it's a fun film perfect to watch as a group.
The personalities of the central group actually describe Truth Or Dare itself quite accurately; bland, inoffensive, by-the-numbers, and mostly forgettable.
Kitschy '90s sci-fi horror, lots of cursing, some gore.
The Bay is two-thirds of a captivating found footage outbreak movie that's crushed under the weight of lofty ambition before completing its runtime.
A pretentious, unsatisfying and ultra-slow-moving thriller.
Sets a new standard for moviemakers.
It's both a fantastic and audacious sequel that is willing to kill its darlings and be different, while simultaneously...well, unfortunately killing its darlings and being completely different.
Loud, obvious and without a wisp of ambience!
Delivers some truly unsettling jolts with a minimum of effects and what was surely a micro-fraction of the budget of much bigger, bloodier, more bloated horror flicks.
Every manufactured 'Boo!' operates on a logical void in this latest no-budget, teen-targeted music-video exploitation of childhood night terrors.
Fans will be chomping at the bit waiting for the slaughter to begin ... it's hard not to walk away feeling disappointed about the return of Michael Myers.
[T]he film probably delivers sufficient jump-scares for a young audience, despite a rather predictable ending.
An unusually intelligent little gem that stands head and fangs above other blooksucking flicks.
Prey at Night is designed as a defiant and antique reaction to these formulaic jump-scare franchises - in the limitless hope that perhaps a few steps back for the genre is actually one step forward. In doing so, they salute every cliché in the book.
Claramente obra de um artista fascinado por histórias de terror e que sente imenso prazer não só em contá-las, mas em concebê-las com carinho ímpar e cuidado admirável com os detalhes.
The Visit is by no means a perfect horror film, but it does show that Shyamalan can still tell a scary story and tell it well.
Films like this make me hope against hope that, some day...one day...the real John Carpenter will return.
This sequel doubles down hard on the comedy and delves deeper into the mythology of the time loop, rendering it less a horror movie and more of an outright sci-fi caper [...]
It'll take quite some time to recover before you can sleep soundly without wondering if you're really alone in the room.
sends out an agreeably grisly, condemnatory and satisfactory signal
This vintage classic is more funny than scary.
The unhinged Resistance finally has a movie to call its own.
A fascinating concept taken to a logical and engaging new level in this superb sequel.
...suffers from an increasingly uneven sensibility that ultimately becomes oppressive...
But like its predecessor, Prey at Night continues to interrogate millennial apathy.
There are worse things than waking up in a morgue. Like, say, waking up and realizing there's another hour of Rise: Blood Hunter to go.
The grainy cinematography, slow pace and rhythm make The House of the Devil feel as if it came out with those old Wes Craven and Dario Argento cheapies. Unfortunately, homage isn't enough to add anything original to the proceedings.
A damn fine '70s homage flick with a Western-horror touch that you won't find in many movies nowadays.
There's a good dose of body horror to be seen.
If this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise, it would have been better off dead.
A wonderful allegory of the power of good horror cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
The best horror movie of 2012 to date.
Fright Night is not a distinguished movie, but it has a lot of fun being undistinguished.
Aaliyah steals the show as a villainous vampiric vixen in an otherwise ludicrous waste of a story.
A nifty prequel to a nifty original, albeit one which depends for its impact on our once-bitten, twice-shy inklings of what's in store.
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie. In other words, it's badder than bad.
Promises more than it delivers, but engrossing throughout.
Flashy, derivative and makes absolutely no sense. It's not even scary.
Benjamin Christensen's pioneering look at ancient Scandinavian witchcraft is impressive and genuinely disturbing.
There's blackly witty ingenuity here without too much misanthropic sadism, and a genuinely neat chronological twist that I didn't see coming, despite one conspicuous clue.
Despite an abundance of nude male torsos, New Moon hasn't enough swoony romance for its female demo, action thrills or cleverness anywhere in the production, dragging on eternally like its vamp undead.
Del Toro should have been perfect for The Wolfman, and it is his involvement in the project that attracted most critics to it, but his performance is mostly disappointing.
It's made by a guy who named himself after a mindless, soulless, wandering drone who can't make heads or tails of sense or sensibilities. I, for one, am not surprised the movie turned out the way it did.
There is some fun here, but ultimately it's more self-satisfied than anything else.
Hellions is completely creepy and tries to take the genre in a new direction, but it doesn't quite succeed.
Octavia Spencer barely salvages this tonally uneven thriller that feels both too absurd and too restrained at the same time.
This tawdry, shoddy stinker is a movie of rare and total incompetence, literally unwatchable thanks to some of the worst cinematography in film history.
'Chapter Two' is an emotional finale that takes a few detours that detract from its overall quality.
Complete with an expected low-angle pig cam, humorous gore, and unpredictable casualties, it offers dependable '80s B-movie thrills.
Even though it is mindless, at least until the provocative ending, The Mist manages to provide some decent old-school shocks.
Most affecting are moments of quietude that stand in contrast to the loud, busy horror scenes. Fresnadillo and cinematographer Enrique Chediak find intriguing angles to highlight the eeriness of the setting.
Dead on arrival.
Nothing short of pathetic.
A sci-fi/horror anthology that tries to tighten the format, but still suffers the usual pace, flow and suspense problems of film anthologies.
Chad Archibald doesn't quite land Bite's transition over from claustrophobic character study into full-blown monster movie.
They might as well wink after every line and then poke each other knowingly in the ribs. Without the thrill factor, screams fall on dead ears and the movie feels flat.
Suspenseful and supernatural, it's a terror tale of revenge and redemption...heralding a new genre: Jewish Horror.
Rather than embellish imaginatively, screenwriter Leslie Gornstein seems to have re-watched The Exorcist, Poltergeist and The Unborn for inspiration.
It's not just amateurish, it's completely inept from premise to execution.
In trying to say everything, "Plus One" reveals it doesn't have much to say at all.
From the director of "A Christmas Story," but don't let that fool you!
Is there a point? No. Will you like it? Perhaps, but if you do... you should see someone about that.
Stake Land is the movie The Road should have been.
While horror newbies may find the unfolding incubus antics moderately scary, others will be distracted by the frankly terrifying levels of recycling ...
Une comédie d'horreur faite de peu de moyens et sans prétention, mais de manière un peu fade vu le scénario grandiloquent que le duo tente de nous faire gober.
Gary Oldman, bless his heart, chews scenery faster than a wolf chomping on a villager, but even his fangs aren't sharp enough to puncture the layer of cheese Hardwicke coats atop her dreadful film.
Writer-director Jordan Peele's followup to the epochal 'Get Out' is as messy and overstuffed as its predecessor was direct and elegant. Still, it's a nonstop kick, bristling with milestone achievements, potent jokes and scares, and confidence...
"Blair Witch" should go down in history as proof that it doesn't take a big budget to make a great movie, in fact it may not even take a budget at all.
worse than i expected
Americanized version of Gojira is still a kind of classic.
It's funny in places but it feels very self-aware and a bit self-indulgent. People have loved it; however, it just left me cold.
Rather too hysterical to be coherent, but it's still jittery and thoroughly unnerving
Carpenter also relies heavily on cheap scare tactics (supernatural mists and people jumping out of the dark) rather than subtle suspense, but some sequences do turn the tension dial up quite high.
No doubt the bill for Energizers alone took up a big chunk of this gory clunker's $48-million budget.
Cool little vampire flick
The moral of the story is not to take your loved ones for granted, I guess. Love them as much as you can before they get pinned inside a pickup by a chunk of wood in their gut and left at the mercy of an icepick-wielding sicko with a sack over his head.
Goes down in history as the most unnecessarily convoluted horror franchise of all time, and that's the nicest thing you can say about it.
The Faculty succeeds as a youth-oriented shocker due to director, editor, and frequent camera-operator Robert Rodriguez's provocative eye and frantic pacing.
A botched sci-fi story about the horror that erupts when televisions suddenly start emitting signals that turn folks into maniacs (maybe we should have gone with Toshiba).
While it occasionally captures the fun low budget ultraviolence that makes audiences go wild... The First Purge recycles nearly all the tropes the series has presented to this point, down to the heavy-handed social commentary.
A riveting, funny, and suspenseful horror classic.
Sputnik uses the creature as a springboard for a tale ... about actual characters wrestling with and struggling against each other over ideas.
...it is a mess, but it's actually very engrossing. There's not a minute of the film that isn't watchable...
There's better horror out there. There's better horror-comedy out there, too. What it all really comes down to, though, is if there's going to be another Groundhog Day film attempt, there has to be a better justification for it.
I loved it. But I did not love all of it.
Just get comfortable, sit back and smile at the slaughter - unlike Funny Games, at least this is bloodshed you can enjoy.
House of 1000 Corpses rips off so many splatter movie tricks at once that it becomes totally frustrating.
If you're a fan of these movies, there's enough new ideas to keep you invested in this outshoot of the Warrens' world and get you excited for next year's inevitable The Conjuring 3.
Vince Vaughn simply does not convey Norman's inner madness with Anthony Perkins's elan, nor can Viggo Mortensen, who comes across as somehow eccentric, match the undeviating John Gavin in the 1960 work.
... script is quite intriguing but takes several needlessly preposterous turns.
Made with precision and care: from a strictly filmmaking perspective, Ducournau has created an effectively visceral experience.
Fast-paced and straight-faced, and full of "ewwww!' moments that play up to the film's effectively cheesy use of 3D.
Filmed in long takes with the cast in separate rooms in the same house, and with good enough performances from the youthful ensemble (no matter how much you might loathe the characters), this is pretty tense, scary stuff.
The Grudge 2, Takashi Shimizu's wildly uneven but ambitious new film -- his second American remake -- is one of the best entries in the Japanese director's Ju-On/Grudge series.
If you are a viewer mature enough to withstand the stunning onslaught of gore without suffering nightmares, Ghost Ship is worthy entertainment.
Garance Miller sells every [cannibalistic] bite with cringing authenticity.
This is the ultimate Tim Burton movie.
A documentary as idiosyncratic as its tireless contributors, Room 237 is first and foremost an ode to film fandom in all of its gleeful obsessiveness.
Even at his worst, Hitch still puts a smile on your face!
Let yourself go and you're in for a thrilling treat that will induce numerous, genuine laughs.
I found Dark Water slow and gloomy, with a lengthy buildup to a less-than-satisfying conclusion.
Mary comes to feel as if lacks a through line, collapsing into a series of disconnected horror-movie beats.
Manages to get the job done if you temper your expectation to a modest level.
Here's the first in what promises to be a series of movies that are "January junk."
A fine post-scream Freddy romp
It doesn't even seem like a remake of Poltergeist as much as it feels like The Conjuring 2, Insidious: Chapter 3 or Paranormal Activity 33-1/3.
Brightburn isn't as subversive as it thinks it is, but it's still a satisfyingly schlocky yarn that does a lot with a simple premise and a modest budget.
High-art horror that won't suit all tastes, or stomachs.
Ghost Ship is better than Thir13en Ghosts--but we're talking incrementally.
The Call of Cthulhu is a rare homage to the silent era that delivers the mood and atmosphere with near perfection.
While more fun than essential, I found this adaptation to be a real cinematic page-turner.
A handful of effectively scary moments spread out over 134 minutes of a fairly dull haunted-house story.
Merely (and mildly) reshuffling the oft-imitated elements of Tobe Hooper's teens-vs.- hillbillies psychodrama.
There isn't a floorboard that doesn't creak, a person who doesn't hesitate to go down the basement, a killing that isn't telegraphed by scary music and laughable attempts at tension.
Thoroughly grim but original and commendable indie-Scot-horror about deadlocked necromancers, played by Kate Dickie and James Nesbitt.
Though the movie can stretch credibility beyond breaking point, a fearless, up-for-anything performance by Moss prevents everything from snapping.
The quirks of this Sleepy Hollow prevent it from ever being truly scary, but what they do make it is a quintessentially Burton film.
Craven tries something different, with mixed results
Teen horror directed by a master, that falls under the radar due to many inconsistencies. [Full review in Spanish].
Del Toro's artistry is definitely something to celebrate, but there's one thing about Crimson Peak that's unforgivable - it's just not scary.
A production so mammoth in its stupidity that it took two studios, Warner Brothers and Columbia Pictures, to wrestle it to the screen.
It's still atmospheric enough, and like the original, has a quasi-theatrical event status. But it feels like a copy.
[Nearly] works as a horror-tinged chamber drama; when it is about spooky, underlit houses with inexplicable goings-on... it's merely adequate at best, and frequently not even that.
Even if there were no witches in the world, these idiots would probably get taken out crossing a busy street.
A fairly middle of the road fright film that treads dangerously close to being silly.
There is such a thing as too much meta and, contrary to popular belief, irony is not always good for the bloodshed.
In terms of plot and performances this is a major improvement on the much-loved but ludicrous original.
It makes a curious calling card, but it's not the kind of film that those unfamiliar with this underground subgenre - or those who appreciate the pastiche - are likely to forget. This little kitty has claws.
Clemons does a great job being vulnerable and also tough as she faces off against the monster. The tension builds well and had a good mixture of jump scares and lingering frights
In the vast canon of King-derived movies, "Tower" belongs in the upper ranks.
The acting and direction will keep you engrossed for the entire runtime. While the screenplay hits a few snags, it works more often than not. If you are a fan of the Syfy channel original movies, you'll have a blast.
Doesn't pale in comparison to John Carpenter's The Thing so much as offer a respectable podling alternative.
They promised us it was The Last Exorcism. They lied.
28 Days Later... seems scarily plausible in a world where diseases like SARS is bred from urban sprawl of our own creation and anyone- either close or remote -- can harbor pain and turn someone crazed and soulless for life.
You'll want to check out room "1408."That is, if you like a solid horror story, fine performances and Stephen King tales.
Jack Black is the ringmaster in a three-ring circus of family horror that stays faithful to everything that made R.L. Stine's junior pulp fiction such a '90s playground sensation.
It would be passable if the third act didn't completely go off the rails.
This Willard remix is a gothic, creaking, brilliantly macabre and unexpectedly intimate movie.
When a movie gives up before the one-minute mark, you know you're in for a long haul.
little more than an unconscious projection of the filmmakers' simultaneous desire for and deep fear of grotesquely overprivileged and snarky girls gone wild
With not much in the form of scares, gore or plot, one of its biggest sins is being imaginatively dull.
30 Days of Night isn't deep, but it's effective, and at least it doesn't seem like something you've seen a dozen times before.
Stephen Hopkins directs The Reaping according to the Satanic horror manual, right down to the choral chanting on the soundtrack. The lighting is often too dark to see what's happening, and the editing makes a mess of even the most tolerable scenes.
[A] turd covered in tasty Ghirardelli chocolate - as soon as you sink your teeth in you know you've got mouthful of sweetened sh*t.
The best of the Roger Corman Poe films.
O diretor Sidney Hayers consegue at criar um clima de suspense razovel, mas o roteiro absurdo (que, por incrvel que parea, se leva realmente a srio) anula seus esforos.
Perhaps the most misogynistic film of the decade.
The new movie doesn't even try to grapple with what's in front of it.
I saw this movie in the middle of the day, having had a great night's sleep, and I had to slap myself awake a few times.
Nearly three decades on, The Silence of the Lambs doesn't just hold up: it still startles in finesse and execution.
It's all furiously supercilious idiotic fluff, and maybe I was just in a freakishly forgiving mood when I saw it but for some insane reason I found The Covenant to be gloriously kitschy B-movie entertainment.
has re-animated every trope with a dazzling vibrancy that pays homage to the classics while still being acutely contemporary, thematically timeless, and absolutely terrifying
A movie that not only functions as a solid scarefest but a razor-sharp satire.
Phantasm was a cheesy, somewhat nonsensical, seventies horror scifi film that became a cult classic despite all its shortcomings.
The thing needs more moments of quiet, more time to ruminate and stew in its own filth. It doesn't help that Phillips' narration is pretty much constant and the score is hugely grating.
Guns don't kill people... ghost people on haunted ships kill people.
Although the film had some faults, I thinkThe Child Remainsis a strong, inventive addition to the indie film genre.
Even if certain supernatural elements can hold it back, they're not what you'll be thinking about after the film is over.
This rote exercise in slasher-film tedium holds zero surprises.
It's the scariest movie in years.
This suspense film by first-time writer-director Bryan Bertino initially squeezes some surprisingly effective scares out of familiar elements. Sadly, the scenario quickly becomes attenuated and unbelievable.
It's an awful way for it all to crumble down into nothingness, and had director Jim Sonzero managed to hold it together for just a teensy bit longer I'd have been more than willing to give Pulse a pass.
Most post-apocalyptic thrillers make you wonder if humanity will survive before the film ends. This one makes you wonder how much of your own humanity will be lost before then.
The film is good because it doesn't try to replicate what the director did in previous movies. [Full review in Spanish]
Color Out of Space, co-written with Scarlett Amaris, isn't the equal of Annihilation in the sublime terror department, but it features more scares-per-minutes...
An accomplished follow-up that doesn't feel like some lazy studio financier-instigated cash-in.
If you want a well-rounded horror film that has more going on than a serious ick factor, this one comes up a bit lacking.
We Are Still Here delivers on the scares while showing a story of loss. It's effective and works on many levels, not the least of which being how it homages scary movies of the 1970s.
There's a well-crafted malevolent force hiding in plain sight, loads of suspense, an intriguing mystery, and some pretty twisted gore.
Really creepy showcase for Lorre with a botched ending.
Blair Witch is still a very competent horror film and Wingard still brings the requisite scares with energy and ferocity. Those who expect the minimalist approach of The Blair Witch Project will be disappointed...
Saw III, with its barrage of grungy rooms, mortified flesh and elaborate torture, is a highly creative exercise in bloodletting, with a bleak view of human nature.
The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is yet another example that not all successful horror movies have what it takes to become successful horror franchises.
As these parallel supernatural mysteries begin to meld into one another, all semblance of credibility dissolves, leaving behind an impenetrable and frustrating fog of unanswered questions.
'Annabelle Comes Home' with jump scares and themes about grief.
Mr. Patton and Miss Myers make likable teen-age heroes, and Mr. Englund actually turns Freddy into a welcome presence.
not a real movie
lamentvel que estas experincias estticas e narrativas estejam se revelando dignas de um adolescente que no s est segurando uma cmera pela primeira vez como ainda sabe pouqussimo sobre os gneros nos quais tenta investir.
As I watched Zombie's latest endeavor, I was less convinced that he was dealing with powerful philosophies and more apt to believe he was trapped on the hamster wheel of his own overwrought artistic values.
If it's not great V/H/S/2 is still a vast improvement over the first; brutal and efficient and immensely entertaining.
The Pledge doesn't break any new ground, but it's a solid little horror movie with plentiful unpleasantness for those who like that sort of thing, and it marks out Byrd as a talent to watch.
Sony may not give a crap about Quarantine 2, but I wouldn't be surprised if the horror fans dig it well enough.
The surroundings made the movie and gave it an eerie effect, but overall the storyline lacked substance to be a true horror film.
If you make a preposterous movie that isn't boring, I count that as some kind of a triumph.
The two lead performances are delightful, as is the allegory the film spins about what love requires of us, and what it means to accept someone entirely.
Roth ratchets up the retch factor.
Its monsters are curiously wimpy, these hulks don't so much smash as paw meekly.
No resurrection for this dog please.
Vapid, disjointed drivel.
Scream promised to change that formula. Scream 3 proves we're back to the same old story, and it's not all that good.
With an unnerving monster at its core, great cast and relentless final sequence, Light's Out is a debut director Sandberg should be proud of.
With its mist-shrouded sets, gruesome slaughter and copious CGI, this is a surprisingly respectful updating of the 1941 Universal original.
This multi-Oscar-winning classic, adapted from Thomas Harris's bestseller, was responsible for giving cinematic serial killers a better image, thanks to Anthony Hopkins's enthralling portrayal of Hannibal Lecter.
It accomplishes the tricky task of paying homage to one type of scary movie while indulging in an entirely different style itself.
Since I was creeped out walking home, alone in the dark from the theater to my empty apartment, Paranormal Activity 4 accomplishes the mission of scaring you out of your underpants.
Keep your expectations low and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
The film makes the most of its confined settings, choosing to make a more visual impact using gruesome violence rather than witty lines and flashy stunts.
It's cable-riffic!
It isn't a classic of the genre, but Blood Quantum certainly has something to say-and also gets creative in the delivery of splatter.
The concept is sound, but it's gruesomely marred in the execution.
All the signs point to a waste of your time.
Not to focus too much on Paris Hilton, but she brings an art to bad acting.
a nineties-style teenage slasher movie with just enough tongue-in-cheek understanding of its own silliness to make it gruesomely fun without being insulting
Entertaining enough to make you forget that you're watching little more than death warmed over.
From the start, this ridiculous horror-suspense movie is fraught with nonsense and a head-scratching lack of logic; though it eventually goes crazily over the top, it's too late to care.
Anyone who actually believes in dybbuks and other ghoulies will find "The Possession" terrifying. For the rest of us, the movie is a cleverly constructed, well-paced piece of hokum.
It's undeniably bold but Eli feels like a trap that ultimately forgives its prey. It's too safe of a horror movie. [Full review in Spanish].
This has nice work from the kids (both of whom, incidentally, are from Melbourne) and broader, wackier playing from Dunagan and McRobbie, + a fair helping of freaky, even WTF-type moments.
Saw II, directed by a newcomer, Darren Lynn Bousman, delivers practically humorless frights and hair-raising tension.
"Red Riding Hood" has absolutely no sense of humor about its own ridiculousness, and when it's so busy taking itself seriously, there's no reason the rest of us should.
A guilty pleasure should at least be entertaining on a basic level, and that's something The Neon Demon is certainly not.
Moviegoers need to band together for a covenant -- stop buying tickets to Renny Harlin movies.
There have been worse Jason films, if that's any consolation.
There's a nagging sense that it could have been so much more.
Resting on a string of uninspired and highly anticipated jump-scares and told with very little plausibility, The Other Side of the Door fails to bring anything new to the already saturated supernatural-horror genre.
We've seen all of this before, and the inclusion of the bitter taste of reality only makes it, well, taste bitterer.
It's what your own brain fills in that makes The Innkeepers so chilling and effective, and [Ti] West knows it.
Wildly malevolent, but shrewdly executed and creepily watchable.
I recommend this wholeheartedly. Just take a family member to hide behind.
You may think that after six movies that there would be nothing left to say on the topic of Texas chainsaw massacres, and you would be right.
The concept of humankind turning into one enormous mobile hotspot for use by an evil mastermind has legs. It's too bad Cell cuts the idea off at the knees.
It gleefully chops its cast down in increasingly alarming and brutal ways.
A more than satisfactory scare fest.
[The] pain is real, and Ready Or Not's refusal to laugh at that gives the movie an unpredictable edge. Its willingness to laugh at everything else, though? That makes everything so much more interesting.
The movie is done in a flat, realistic tone that is perfectly suited to the material.
Directed by Marc Meyers from a script by Alan Trezza, We Summon the Darkness starts in a familiar yet subversive fashion before drilling into its deeper themes exploring the fetishization of faith.
Life's too short to spend an hour-and-a-half of it watching hollow cinematic dreck like Pet Sematary Two. There are some neat gory bits, though.
[It wows] cult fans, connoisseurs of the absurd, and cinephiles intrigued by the evolution of the sci-fi and horror genres in the '70s and '80s.
The psychological nature of this tale's examination of a doctor with a God complex, to an extreme length, makes it a major classic of the sci-fi genre.
The filmmakers' subtext - at least in the movie's first quarter - seems to acknowledge that you can't top the original. And they didn't.
We shouldn't have to put up with the barrel-scraping inadequacies of "creak, creak, creak, screamy face!" any more. So don't.
The film is content to deliver a few jumpy thrills before slinking away into the night like one of its murderous marauders.
This cyber-age version didn't raise a single hair on the back of my neck.
Pitiless and heartless.
While this flat morality tale might entertain some younger audiences, it does not offer much for the rest of us.
As video game movies go, this one contains less plot and character development than Pac-Man.
A scene-stealing performance by a menacing George C. Scott and a terrific musical score by Tangerine Dream elevate this entertaining companion piece to 1978's The Fury.
The often-awkward original is worth about a tenth of its considerable reputation, yet when compared to Zombie's version it actually looks good.
This virtually tension-free, depressingly bland horror flick is tough to recommend to anyone but the most undemanding horror fans looking for something gentle to stream on a hungover Sunday afternoon.
Kinski is his typical insane self, but this killer snake thriller lacks bite.
Game of Death is a fun concept for a horror film that leaves a lot to be desired.
A reprehensible and loathsome journey of excess...any redeeming value is well hidden.
A reasonably competent, mildly amusing monster mash.
At a certain point you have to wonder how long audiences are going to keep flocking to this stuff.
'South Park' took a bite out of social justice warriors last year. Eli Roth's The Green Inferno embraced that spirit ... literally.
If you prefer vaginal symbolism delivered to you via a blood-gushing urinal, consider "Silent House" your "Citizen Kane."
An annoying one-two-three punch of crappy acting, shoddy scriptwriting, and poor direction.
Ultimately, it pays off with a nerve-shredding finale every bit as shiver-inducing and despairing as the original.
Has a degree of menacing atmosphere that is virtually unknown to the giant man-eating animal genre.
he strain between content and tone leaves it feeling like no other slasher film of that period, and while it also leaves it more frustrating and ineffectives... it stands out.
In the end, there's little else to say, this new Cabin Fever a bloody misfire that shouldn't even exist in the first place.
Too often disappointingly thin.
Perhaps for someone who never saw The Blair Witch Project, this might represent an adequate scary movie.
A mind-blowing telekinesis thriller that immediately put Michael Ironside on the map as one of the most intense actors around.
Sorority Row is most successful at creating characters even more insufferable than the usual young people who serve as slasher-flick fodder.
Still, it's impossible not to admire any movie with a soundtrack that includes Helen Kane singing 'I Wanna Be Loved by You' and Slim Whitman yodeling 'I Remember You.'
IT Chapter Two is a compelling and satisfying ending to Stephen King's story, even if it's not quite as charming or scary and feels a bit overlong.
Here is one of those rare movies that penetrates the membrane separating all those disposable "gotcha" scarefests from genuinely engrossing supernatural thrillers.
Ari Aster fulfills the potential he showed intermittingly in Hereditary and cements himself as a rising filmmaker worth watching.
Midsommar proves Ari Aster to be a director of masterful strength, you can't help but be in absolute awe of the beauty captured in this psychological nightmare-inducing vision unlike no other.
If you don't know by now what you're getting into when you see a movie from the Saw series, you deserve to be offended.
Feels like someone copied a schoolmate's work and added a lot of their own occasionally enlightening but largely unnecessary scribbles.
Vincenzo Natali confirms that he has a knack for novelty but scant ability to set off truly heart-wrenching emotional provocation.
Too silly to be seen as any kind of serious critique of American culture and too caught up in its own thematic self-reflexivity to be a completely satisfying piece of junk horror.
The Lodgers disappoints on a number of levels, many of which have more to do with the limitations of its creators' imagination than the apparently -cule budget.
A random mashup of horror tropes and in-camera effects, a monster better glimpsed than viewed in close-up, and even the formidable Joey King can't save it.
So bad it's funny. Gwynne seems to be hawking Pepperidge Farm cookies.
Neil Marshall's creepfest may see more feminist deconstruction than the original Alien, contemplation the film's unthinkingly slick surface invites but doesn't merit.
A brave attempt from Smith to break away from dialogue-heavy comedy, Red State doesn't lack for ideas. What it does lack is an ability to execute them sharply.
...a better-than-average thriller that's ultimately quite a bit more effective than Shyamalan's last few directorial efforts.
When Ducournau keeps the viewer off balance and doesn't lose her own, she shows signs of being an outstanding stylist and storyteller, balancing mood, composition, startling images, slow-burning suspense, and sardonic humor.
The ensuing carnage is ample but not gratuitous; every arterial spray and bone crack makes a point.
Stripped of unnecessary gore and predictable scare tactics, 1408 is a chilling psychological mind-bender, which stays true to its Stephen King roots.
Crawl moves and moves us in a classical fashion like a survival film. That is why actions are more important than words. The suspense is generated from shot to shot, from scene to scene. [Full Review in Spanish]
[It] is better than the average entry in the subgenre because it eschews exposition in favor of thrills.
A welcome contrast to the first film's snuff-y atmosphere and general mean-spiritedness, featuring more humor, fewer hateful characters, and occasional twinges of relatable human emotion.
Frightfully forced, since the cinematography gimmick dilutes, rather than enhances the premise.
Aaron Eckhart tries his best but he can't breathe life into this monster of a movie.
At times the characters call up videos of Slender Man online that have been created by actual Slender Man fans. Each time, the fan-crafted Slender Men looks much scarier than the one in the Hollywood movie.
Bagul is not... the kind of creature that keeps you up at night. Luckily, the rest of Sinister will.
What lifts it above the humdrum is Cardellini, so often cast as a more important character's spouse... but here showing that she can command the spotlight, too.
That it's about as chilly a movie as ever delighted the mass market is beside the point, in view of its exuberantly macabre craftsmanship.
It has a cast of talented, self-effacing actors, who don't upstage the material, and an efficient screenplay by Charles Edward Pogue, who doesn't beat you over the head to prove that he has a sense of humor.
There are a great many examples of "no" in DEVIL . . . No suspense. No scares. No originality. No fun. No reason to bestir oneself to see it.
Not so much better than the first movie, just not nearly as bad thanks to a bigger budget, better writing.
Raw is a film whose beauty is only revealed to those with a wide-open mind and an iron stomach.
The film-makers work with familiar colours to construct deliciously horrid variations on established patterns.
It's a revolting horror film that wastes the talents and good looks of Erika Christensen and Jesse Metcalfe in favor of severed penises and other violent atrocities performed on a kitchen table.
Promising source material and a talented cast are squandered in a stale, rigidly formulaic J-horror wannabe.
This is awfully tired stuff, right down to the last-minute gotcha. But at least Friday the 13th isn't Saw VI.
The worst movie in the series is also a complete scam for the viewer. [Full review in Spanish].
What's unusual about these movies is that we know those scares are coming, and the filmmakers' drawn-out approach makes them even more effective when they finally arrive.
Throughout Rothe gives it a right go, despite being stuck in a movie that is never certain of what it's trying to be, or when it's going to end.
Director [Frank Henenlotter] holds fast to his old-school style of goofy thrills and analog FX.
Boredom sets in long before the last muted shriek. And who cares about the astros? We never get to know them anyway.
a slick psychological thriller masquerading as a good old-fashioned ghost story
People raised their hands in joy when Coppola announced he was returning to horror after his recent wobbly adventures in the arthouse. They'll be begging him to reconsider - or perhaps just simply to stop - after seeing this.
Moronic.
tiresome and humdrum instead of thrilling
Craven is obviously having a ball here, and it's impossible not to sit back and go grinning into this dark, gory ride.
Halloween II is full of in jokes and references but nearly devoid of wit.
The Dead reveres the films that came before it and wears its love for them on its sleeve.
...a padded-out endeavor that can't quite justify a feature-length running time...
Notable for one good performance and an almost complete lack of distinctiveness.
Even when the narrative stalls from too many detours and decapitations, Sleepy Hollow is gorgeous filmmaking that brims over with fun-house thrills and ravishing romance.
Given the two dominant trends in recent American horror -- meat-grinder gore and remakes of Asian films involving creepy pale children -- this nasty but rather tightly made film almost counts as a return to classical virtues. Almost.
Eloise is pretty standard ghosts-of-mental-patients-and-staff-haunting-an-abandoned-asylum fare.
Formulaic chills and thrills.
A production that never comes close to realizing its potential to tweak the viewer's primal fears.
For the most part, Gwen achieves what it sets out to do. It surrounds you in scenic hopelessness and lets you stew in it until you're done, or Gwen's done.
Wan's film is a sturdily built supernatural chiller, with next-to-no digital effects or gore, and it delivers its scares with a breezy lack of urgency.
Writer-director Nicholas Winding Refn is a film-maker who cares deeply about morality, about the clash of right and wrong when an outsider's value system crashes into another, built on the tacit agreement of a larger group.
It's inanely-scripted exploitation, sure, but this 'Halloween' doesn't trivialise; it even returns with sympathy to one victim minutes after the attack that has left her bleeding on the floor.
As good a horror film in the most pure, rarefied sense of "horror" that the '80s produced in English.
Aster's latest, the folk-horror extravaganza Midsommar, is unquestionably a scary movie. And yet, it's also surprisingly hilarious.
There's a lot more territory here that could have been mined but wasn't, which is a shame. But for those just looking to be scared the old fashioned way, Dark delivers.
Southbound, is terse, significant work, efficiently felling frights and dread in a manner that may even resound with general audiences as well as genre aficionados.
"Us" blasts out of the gate and then refuses to let up for its two-hour runtime.
A fun, clever horror picture, full of creepy crawlies, things that go bump in the night, and references to everyone from H.P. Lovecraft to Dario Argento.
As far as independent horror films go, Still/Born is one of the better psychological tales that you will find on the market today, although this might not altogether be the case if it wasn't for our leading lady.
I can't imagine anyone who hasn't played the video game who would give a shout-out to the 'Silent Hill' sequel.
Outside: that is the weather. Inside: it is the swishy, corrugated, murder-eyed mega-lizards, CGI'd so skilfully they look more real than the real.
The script is not the most electrifying, especially its dialogue, but Mary J Blige does her best with the material given to her.
The Burton trademark special effects are typically fun, but the late release and lackluster performances make Sleepy Hollow feel exactly like its title: sleepy and hollow.
...an absolutely redundant piece of work...
... imagine the entirety of the worst possible marriage crammed into the span of six hours... Like Clue conjoined with Game Night in a mad scientist's lab, it comes to life as a monster all its own.
Irritating sound effects, cheap scare tactics and a comically bad script all add up to the year's first senseless cinematic attack on the senses.
Seu único atrativo dramático reside no fato da mocinha estar sempre prestes a ser destruída pelo mocinho. Mas isso não é o bastante; se fosse, alguém já teria lançado um filme chamado A Lesma e o Potinho de Sal.
Ably assisted by Marillier - and Ella Rumpf as Justine's controlling sis - Ducournau captures the more quotidian dread of fitting into cliques, losing your virginity and living up to family expectations.
Not a bad venture into the "girl meets devil" genre but a few rock songs short of a hit.
The worst of the Conjuring spinoffs...
This gimmicky serial-killer thriller is pretty laughable, despite the gruesome subject matter and its graphic, often nauseating gore.
A few ideas are borrowed from George A. Romero, but the brunt of the visuals and story are original and thrilling, though also a touch artsy and marginally poetic.
Exactly the movie you'd expect from a couple of guys whose main claim to fame is having written the last couple Saw movies.
Blood Quantum offers a fresh vantage point on a familiar genre and demonstrates that Jeff Barnaby is a new voice to pay attention to.
Anguish isn't the scariest or most original thriller but it's a surprisingly involving and creepy one.
The problem with this modern version of the old tale, however, is that it's basically a load of codswallop we can no longer swallow without choking.
As vampire movies go, few are more memorable than Nosferatu, which is not only the first screen version of Dracula, but, in some ways, remains the best.
The tension fizzles as The Sacrament narrows into predictability, indulging every clich of found-footage filmmaking and Jonestown-styled cult apocalypticism.
There's a lot of good comedy that plays off the darkness and insanity of the situation and helps propel the movie into fun popcorn fare.
A predictably gruesome compendium of splatter-movie clichés, See No Evil is a reprehensible exercise in lowest-common-denominator filmmaking that disgusts and bores in equal measure.
It's not my kind of horror flick anyway, but even for fans of gross-out gore-a-paloozas and campy humor this is a swing and a miss.
Shockingly effective
Stupid
Sinister genuinely attempts to use found footage in a new and original way.
Midsommar is another perfect entry into the growing filmography of Ari Aster who is quickly becoming a true tour-de-force in the world of abnormal horror and can already be considered a modern auteur of the genre.
Bad-movie enthusiasts will doubtless have fun watching these oversized piscine predators leaping from the ocean and laying waste to Florida's coastal regions, but hasn't this tiresome, kitschy, so-bad-it's-good fad run its course?
Geniunely thrilling.
continues the story with increasingly diminishing results
Us seems merely the sum of the first film's critical effluent and influent, wish-determining the new movie's monody of genre and monotony of tone in the name of a specious homogeneity.
Too conceptually disjointed to live in the imagination after it's over, like its predecessors.
If you ever want to produce an adaptation of a Stephen King story, call Frank Darabont.
Cage goes for it, for better or worse, and so does Color Out of Space, for worse.
Barnaby's film rejects the default white gaze of so many horror films, choosing to tell a story through an unapologetically Indigenous lens.
Dumber than dumb
"Sinister" is an undeniably scary movie, with performances adding enough human interest to give depth to the basic building blocks of horror.
The shorts in The ABCs Of Death 2 are wholly forgettable, and leave the limits of the gimmicky conceit completely exposed.
Captures beautifully the spirit of classic EC Comics.
The Lodgers' ominous tone is handled masterfully, and the house itself is incredibly spooky, but the story takes far too long to tell what little there is to it. It's a shame.
"Sinister" ... borrows shrewdly, expanding on the found-footage gimmick in a way that manages to invoke both "Manhunter" and "The Ring."
'Ready or Not,' here comes a darkly comic horror hit.
Michael Moore would have a field day with this latest installment, where the writers tackle the health care system with Jigsaw as an answer.
Es un aviso para los grandes estudios de que lo que importa no es el dinero, sino el talento que haya detrás de una buena historia...
It's a shameful waste of time.
One of the most consistently disturbing, surprising, and visually beautiful motion pictures I have seen this decade.
A sustained death rattle in dread-inducing cinematic form, a tale of thematically loaded suggestion and ominous fate, of deep-seated guilt and haunting premonition. Seeing it once isn't nearly enough.
This is a badly acted B movie without much flair for involving its audience.
Graphic mystery-homage to teen-slasher movies.
Terribly acted, shamelessly unoriginal and executed with little redeeming sense of humour.
Ouija: Origin of Evil is sadly derivative, totally stupid, routinely cheeseball and ultimately disappointing.
My Bloody Valentine 3-D is about as rote and obvious as a horror flick can get.
Venom is just another cheesy teen horror movie, distinguishing itself only in its complete lack of suspense, a handicap that no amount of kinetic editing or bloodshed can overcome.
The new movie strays pretty far from the original idea -- that the Scream characters are horror-movie savvy.
I never thought I'd say this. Never. But I have officially forgotten SPIDERMAN 3. I want to hug Sam Raimi. I want to hug him like I did back in the days of EVIL DEAD...Let's just say that pissing off a gypsy is NOT a good idea...
It does for Skype what The Blair Witch Project did for forests.
Scream 4 isn't the embarrassment one fears from such a belated return to a sleeping franchise. But it's neither scary nor inventive enough to warrant its existence.
Part sci-fi thriller, part haunting 1940s film noir set piece, Dark City has lots of pizzazz, but too little punch.
I liked it. I hated that I liked it. Then, I liked it some more.
Either way, while it may not be "the dope", 4/20 Massacre still delivers a decent buzz.
Happy Death 2U answers all of the first film's unanswered questions and has way more fun with its wacky time loop murder concept in an extremely entertaining way.
Hopefully Ascher will continue this trend by examining all the hidden tricks, gimmicks and stylings of other brain-twisting cinematic treats as they can provide genuine insight into the work of a director. Even if it's all just nonsense.
A frightening genre offering, raising the bar on raising the dead.
Underneath the warm, if cynical, family sentiment, Red Christmas is a dark and luridly coloured home invasion film.
Get Out was brilliant, one of the finest movies of this decade, and I've been a fan of Key and Peele for a long time. But not every album is Revolver.
Happy Death Day 2U is a funny, enjoyable and good-natured teen romp, but it suffers from time-loop fatigue and too many loose ends.
The best of the sequels to Carpenter's seminal slasher movie.
Paranormal Activity 3, which parts audiences once again with their cash while refusing to move the series' mythology forward, will frustrate those expecting any sort of continuation from the last film, despite some decent scares.
... the film is sure to be polarizing. Fans of The Passenger will find Sputnik an exciting return to form. ... It's also true that the sur+ of narrative threads paired with a hefty runtime will prove too much for some casual viewers.
The ghost busters of The Conjuring 2 are scary good.
I'm uh-scared, I'm uh-scared!
Hush is quick and agile, and the script from Flanagan and Siegel always manages to be clever enough to be effective. Hush doesn't break new ground, but that doesn't mean it's not a bloody good time.
As untidy and un-profound as "Color" may be, Stanley swings for the fences, when almost any other director-in-exile would have tried to get back in Hollywood's good graces with an act of penance. Score one for the eccentrics of the world.
One of Stephen King's adaptations that involves less gore and more thrills, this outing relies on solid performances with [Tim] Matheson and [Brooke] Adams delivering while the script is faithful to the book.
The film manages to pull off something of a surprise switcheroo early in its fairly short running time, and it does so successfully.
If you haven't seen the original, Inside (2016) is fine, albeit slightly predictable and a little ridiculous in its last act. If you've seen the original, the only reason to watch this is to satisfy your curiosity
Typical borderline incoherent Fulci rubbish.
Marillier, quivering with fearfulness and then flush with rapt pleasure when she indulges, never merely becomes a ravenous cannibal. Her startled humanity burns through.
The Argento is a marvel of style-as-subject; Guadagnino subjects audiences to second-hand shocks.
Armed with a clever cleaver of a script from Guy Busick and Ryan Murphy, co-directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett create an atmospheric production that meets George Romero's litmus test for good horror.
A marked disappointment.
Compared to the average horror movie that gets released here in Lima, 'Us' is infinitely superior. [Full review in Spanish]
Wait for the inevitable Syfy screening . . .the ideal place for this particular brand of cheese.
After everything is revealed in Get Out you'll want to see it again to watch the pieces fall into place. Nice job, Mr. Peele.
It would be interesting to see how many people want to walk out after half an hour. But I bet they stay put for the horribly gruesome bits.
Despite its flaws, The Amityville Horror is good at scaring the popcorn out of your hand.
Jeunet creates some scenes of genuine suspense, and some of the action packs a real punch.
It's so good I wish it were better.
It manages the all-important jump scares with the finesse of a skilled stage illusionist, but it's the surprisingly sincere emotional core that makes it the pick of the series.
Anderson doesn't just suck as a director he's also a terrible writer, which I think makes him Hollywood's first legitimate black hole.
Drew Goddard, with assistance from his cohort scenarist Joss Whedon, achieves an exemplary fusion of horror, humour and science-fiction while undermining genre conventions and audience expectations alike.
There's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good: stop buying tickets to these movies.
Sure, the sequel has higher-quality video and more cameras and even some drone shots, but it doesn't have much in the way of soul.
The film is a squeamish exercise, like watching a cruel child pull the wings off flies.
(S)omething of a masterpiece - a weird work of art, but a surreality to celebrate none the less.
I did like the first segment, but the others are the reasons why I normally dislike many entries from the horror genre. It's an interesting concept, but unfortunately it just falls apart.
Had Geraghty's script leaned more into this concept, there's no doubt in my mind that The Host could've been exceptional. But I'd be lying if I didn't admit that I was entertained regardless.
The end result is an admittedly uneven piece of work that does seem as though it'd benefit from repeat viewings...
Over Your Dead Body is a creepy, gorgeous and satisfyingly sick revenge shocker that will make you cringe and squeal in pleasure.
Smart plot, but leaden pacing deflates the frights right out of it.
I was impressed by the film: the narrative hook, the look, and the stirring it gave me to pick up the books.
Violent and ultimately uneven and unsatisfying.
Halloween still remains the greatest horror film of all time.
Stake Land has strong characters, a lucid script, plenty of action, and something more substantial to make it better-than-average.
It's surprising to note that this film, mostly well-acted, is somewhat lacking on the technical side, which is what Hollywood usually does best these days.
Chapter 2 can only be described as too messy until it gets too organized and then goes back to the worst mess I can imagine.
A dishwater-dull remake whose occasional scares will thrill the slumber-party crowd but barely wake up the true horror fan.
James Wan's desultory sequel lazily trots out the same procession of scare techniques but with vastly diminished returns.
"Frailty" offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight, telling creepy stories to give each other the willies. And, there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater.
Even hardened horror fans will find themselves covered in gooseflesh, as this spooky sequel ratchets up the tension like thumbscrews.
There was no good reason to resurrect this property.
Whether Nicolás López was actually trying to be funny with Aftershock I'll never know, because I ended up laughing more than I intended, but hell - intensity and pace gleefully carry the film two-thirds of the way.
It trots out its full arsenal of shock tactics far too early in the game and squanders the suspense it has accumulated.
Unfortunately, The Roommate is too timid to make an impression of any kind.
The story is confined to one location and our main character has been rendered mute and static.
For those who can stomach its gory denouement, it's a disturbing cinematic experience that they won't soon forget.
Excellent performances can't save The Harvest, which is riddled with too many plot holes.
With his chilling, ultimately bleak adaptation of The Mist, writer/director Frank Darabont once again successfully channels Stephen Kingâ(TM)s twisted psyche on the big screen.
Never have I seen reality come crashing down in a film in a more literal--and disappointing--way.
Wish Upon is another example of everything wrong with horror movies: too safe to be scary, too boring to be worthy of interest, and too hilariously obvious to be taken seriously.
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest.
Saw III, with its barrage of grungy rooms, mortified flesh and elaborate torture, is a highly creative exercise in bloodletting, with a bleak view of human nature.
In the sixth installment the series gets political, pointing a finger at the health care system.
Garai gets mileage out of the house's funky plumbing, always a rich source of horror-movie eesh.
In the scope of films about large animals trying to eat humans, Crawl has some fantastic action sequences that are bloody disgusting, but it doesn't make a memorable movie.
Fear, real fear, is a damn difficult commodity to come by, these days, especially in so-called 'horror' movies.
One scene, any scene, renders Hot Topic wannabes irrelevant.
As a tried-and-true slasher film, it has its moments, but ... it grows tedious by the end.
Sincere and sinister and inevitably ambitious.
[...] While The Sacrament affirms West's talent and versatility, the film's basic conceit is a failure of taste, alluding so heavily to the 1978 Jonestown massacre that it feels like a ghoulish recreation of history.
Not a particularly effective movie... [but] it is an exceptionally memorable one - one that lingers in the brain, disturbing and discomfiting.
1BR becomes more brutal than I would have expected.
"Insidious: Chapter 3" is almost more a spoof of a classic like "The Exorcist" than it is an homage. It's not scary horror, it's silly horror, and the audience is in on the joke.
Its masterful blending of the sacred and the blasphemous makes it not just a great horror film, but perhaps the first true horror masterpiece of the new century.
Those after a great, dark story will be impressed, seeing Wan once again deliver truly eerie scenes without the use of cheap tactics.
Shyamalan succeeds in playing off the audience's expectations, knowing that we will expect something unexpected. He teases constantly - keep an eye on the big kitchen oven - then sneaks in a jab when we are looking the other way.
This is the kind of movie that seems to lay out exactly what it is right away before zigzagging all over the place entertainingly.
Why am I kinda sorta not really recommending, but mildly defending this movie? Well, as noted, I had fun with it. I was entertained.
...yet another rehashed and disposable horror sequel.
There's nothing to fear in these waters.
Tobe Hooper's latest is not unlike an episode of Melrose Place as imagined by Lucio Fulci.
The welcome return of one of horror's more underrated filmmakers is marked by one of the most distinctive scientific horror films since Cronenberg made it fashionable during the '80s.
Harryhausen's many-armed gargantuan (for budgetary reasons, it actually only possessed six appendages) is easily the best reason to watch this production.
Superbly mounted dread, insistent escalation, elegantly sustained tension - a forest fire to Get Out's slow burn. Us is Jordan Peele's Jurassic Park, where a fear of monsters learning to open doors takes on chilling new meanings.
Indeed, it's cultural sensitivity that lies at the heart of this movie. It is not about serial killers, aliens or supernatural beings. It is about the ordinary humans we know as the Other because they come from somewhere else.
Vacancy may not be the most wholly original thriller but it has some heart to it and is directed with gritty, old school style by Nimród Antal. Coupled with the good work done by the leads, Vacancy is worth checking into.
Only a moderately engrossing film.
Way better than the rest of the slash-by-number horror films we've seen so far in 2005.
If nothing else, there's plenty of Pennywise - and Bill Skarsgard remains captivating and terrifying as the demented jester.
As a mainstream horror, Insidious: The Last Key does what it sets out to do; there are plenty of drawn-out scare sequences, and plenty of the expected jump-scares and mis-directions.
Youth-targeted, seductively supernatural and unevenly paced - with all the big-buzz blood lust, the shiver may seem a trifle anemic.
The whole thing proves unexpectedly entertaining.
"Starry Eyes" may leave you feeling hopeless, but its bleak vision of masochistic perfectionism is clear-eyed, cogent, and devastatingly unsettling.
Ungodly awful.
Surprisingly watchable for the third sequel and despite its general predictability it's entertainingly inventive.
See No Evil is proficient junk, which makes it something of an improvement over recent horrors like An American Haunting.
Hell Fest is such an unambitious piece of work there's very little to go wrong, and the result is a vaguely passable horror, even if it needs to be far more frightening.
Extremely unthrilling, very obvious, very clichéd. We've seen it all before.
Way funnier than Scary Movie 3.
While director Tom McLoughlin aims to engross and gross-out in equal measure, the numerous plot inconsistencies scupper everyone's good intentions.
A plane-crossing flapdoodle of a movie with plot holes the size of which rival Michael Jackson's legal troubles.
...blood-spilling banality...the sensationalism behind Zombie's directorial demeanor is merely a follow-the-dots frightfest with an exaggerated twitching disorder.
A spooky gothic horror tale with first-rate production design.
