This is the enjoyably dumb action movie that Mission Impossible could (and should) have been.
'The World's End' is really about the dangers of nostalgia and how you can never truly go home again, even if there hasn't been an alien invasion.
Simply put, The Incredibles is!
A film that keeps its audience at a distance, never surprising them at all narratively and barely moving the needle for its characters. It is fan fiction in film form.
Sort of inspired, but really lame, superhero premise.
Were you expecting a teen remake of The Hands of Orlac? Don't hold your breath.
The picture moves fast and is an efficient enough action-horror, with good effects and plenty of violence, but it's too machine-tooled and perfunctory to make you care.
An admirably adult holiday feature that doesn't balk at real feelings.
('Brigsby Bear') is a gentle and kindhearted movie that will embrace you like a good-night lullaby.
A slight but better-than-expected comedy featuring winning performances and an agreeability that's hard to resist.
Storks flutters like a bird with a broken wing -- it never quite gets off the ground.
Overall, Ghosts offers a couple quick laughs in passing, but the movie never seems to generate sparks. All in all, it's a bit like kissing your sister.
The first real addition to its princess lineup in 15 years, and the studio's biggest non-CG animated movie half a decade, it also belatedly brings racial diversity to a signature genre that's been mostly snow white for six decades.
The plot is surprisingly short on laughs and over-reliant on relentless celebrity cameos.
Win It All is just the latest stellar collaboration between Swanberg and Johnson.
Movies like 'Old School' are no masterpieces, but a guy like Will Ferrell is able to somehow lift them up beyond mediocrity into hilarity.
Has its pleasures, which are mild but real.
...even if one were willing to overlook the downright aimless storyline, there's still the dearth of laughs and muddled character motives to contend with.
What does surprise is that the talented ensemble has to cajole this ungainly movie along even as it changes its mind about whether it wants to be a romantic comedy, a lighthearted bromance.
The nadir of homophobic frat-boy humor.
Perhaps the filmmakers deserve credit for their one show of restraint: No jokes in this movie have been made at the expense of Justin Bieber.
The movie is a triumph of mood over character.
In a vacuum, Wong and Park are both pretty fun and delightful. Not together - they have a profound lack of chemistry.
Regardless of your age, gender, or other defining characteristics, if you are even remotely interested in Batman, you can have a grand old time at this funny, charming picture.
... fitfully amusing, the Farrellys on their best behavior ... We certainly can't quibble with the casting. These guys are so close to the originals I thought I was watching the Stooges digitally resurrected.
An entertaining movie that does its job well, yet its polish simultaneously gives it strength and limits it.
Napoleon and his pals aren't the heroes of a Bruce Springsteen song who get up every morning and go to work each day. They're knuckleheads.
Though Recess, the feature film, is far from innovative, it is agreeable.
"ParaNorman" spikes the adventure with truly sad and sobering moments dealing with real-life issues like bullying, death and the mob mentality.
Charles and Streiner put together a film that comes close to re-creating the funny-but-serious environment of stand-up comedy.
Smells bad.
Basically, if you've seen the ads, you've seen the only joke in this one-joke movie, although there are also endless groan-worthy gags about wings and teeth.
What saves it from being completely dismissible drivel are the gorgeous Irish locations and the charm of its stars, Amy Adams and Matthew Goode.
Divertido, mas esquecvel.
It is marred by a lack of inspiration, some flat celebrity cameos, and the same gay jokes and identical situations over and over again.
Carell and Fey mine the humor of predictable characters acting unpredictably -- and frequently, they strike gold.
Most animated movies try to deliver a message and end up sounding preachy. Sing too, has one -- once you hit rock bottom, there's nowhere else to go but up. The sheer heart with which its characters live and convey the sentiment, is incredible.
A tiny crazy time capsule of everything wrong with our current society.
Though never as bland as its title, Mr. and Mrs. Smith wraps a lot of expensive plastic around a lot of almost nothing.
Cute, clangy, hyperactive, really shiny, completely inorganic (except for the flatulence jokes) and totally hermetic.
By the time the scream-gasp-and-giggle sci-fi climax arrives, we've lost interest in what happens to this hero or to this smug, undercranked movie.
The oft-humiliated Stiller is in familiar territory (a monkey named Dexter does the humiliating here), but Museum has a sweetness most of his movies don't.
Hughes' script is extremely ragged and not especially good -- honestly, it often feels as it was written by a teenage boy, not an adult male -- but there are some bright moments and bright performances scattered throughout.
Less taut and focused than the Spanish language original, Sebastián Lelio's own remake is nevertheless passably pleasant.
The movie is smart and it is very funny.
Benji's lost in the wild! Get the kids!
Ugly can't Describe the Truth about this Film
The story plods along, punctuated by gags that are more silly than inventive.
Tons of barn-animal fun in sweet stop-motion adventure.
It was a good time, it made me want to [play] tag .
It plays with the formula just enough to create something really special, and gives audiences nuanced romantic leads in a relationship that's easy to root for... It's fluff, with substance.
Martin - who at age 10 came up with and pitched the idea for this movie (she's now 14) - carries this movie on her small, resolute shoulders.
A surreal, heart-warming, beautifully executed Tati-esque physical comedy filled with visual gags and with sparse dialogue
I actually can't remember the last time a movie opening made me so cheerful.
A mostly funny bowl of Dumb with the nutritional equivalent of all those giant bowls of Froot Loops you ate while watching cartoons back in the day.
Even more insane and hysterical than Borat, Sacha Baron Cohen's hilarious follow-up is also far more coherent and effective at using shock factor to get you laughing.
At least the Italian scenery and the stranded actors look good. Just don't mistake this charmless, mirthless and shameless ripoff of 'Four Wedding and a Funeral' and 'Groundhog Day' for a comedy with actual laughs.
An original and charismatically honest New York comedy.
you will not only believe that a penguin can dance, but that he can also save the world
Turns out the coming obliteration of creation not only distorts the judgment of romantic leads, but also filmmakers.
Dey ultimately lets Chan down. If the legendary actor could have brought in old school chum Sammo Hung, he could have made this a great picture.
Atkinson revives the comic secret agent that he first introduced in a series of TV ads in the UK, but this thin script gives him nothing remotely like a rebirth.
What really make the film special is that, while still being packed with foul language and pop culture references, this film is the only one in which Smith really seems to care about his characters and their lives.
The sparkling blue waters are pretty, and the songs are catchy, but you may well wind up feeling smothered by the non-stop corniness of it all.
It may be the worst romantic comedy I have ever seen, and this is not hyperbole.
That's My Boy lazily exists in a fantasyland of Adam Sandler's perpetual adolescence, even as it generates some moderate comic friction from Sandler and Andy Samberg's testy back-and-forth.
Credit writer-director Gillian Robespierre and her star, Jenny Slate, for doing something fresh and witty within the problematic romcom formula.
The Minions have busted out of the 'Despicable Me' franchise and gone rogue in this berserk slice of slapstick silliness.
Sure, Valentine's Day smacks cute and is probably an adequate date movie, but it doesn't really inspire genuine tingling, feel-good sentiments that a well-crafted film of this genre should do.
The Hangover Part 2 definitely has its moments and a few big laughs throughout, but the most memorable thing about this second substance-induced amnesia comedy is how ultimately forgettable it is.
Thanks to this antagonism and a few good jokes, the film is very entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
A "monster pregnancy" midnight comedy that exists somewhere between Joseph Kahn's take on Teeth and Slither with some Gremlins/Critters thrown in.
An estrogen-fueled salute to the virtues of excess, if that's your Gucci bag.
Not close to the insanely imaginative material from the show's heyday but still funny its own right
You know all those 'brainless high school comedies'? Here's what one would look like if it had brains.
Midway through the film takes a shift to a darker and more thoughtful tone - revealing hidden depths to Anderson's film-making that are a welcome surprise.
The Big Wedding is an occasionally charming and, overall, strangely watchable variation in the dysfunctional wedding comedy subgenre.
...conjures up the surreal adolescent daydreams of stuffy high-school classrooms. You might as well be watching the doodling in some kid's notebook come to life.
Don't Think Twice is about the creeping realization that you might not live up to that dreaded thing called potential or that the mythical big break might never come your way. It's also about learning to be okay with that.
[Inserts] the funniest bits of British comedy into the type of gory slasher flick that will make even the most jaded horror fan giddy.
We aren't used to comedies that make us squirm like this. That doesn't mean they aren't worth our time. This Is 40 is.
Garner is a delight, a completely accessible personality in completely forbidding clothes.
I'd call it a pointless endeavor, except now we might finally be able to pinpoint the source of Wilson's recent depression.
The heavy-handed "Peep World" has a few laughs sprinkled over its abbreviated running time as it limps to a predictable conclusion.
Not the slightest bit funny. Annoying and obnoxious attempt at retro '30s humor.
As wildly uneven and unfocused as Murphy's accent, and twice as annoying.
Your typical bad Adam Sandler comedy that earns a few extra points in the realm of intent -- or at least possible intent.
A misbegotten mix of crude jokes, ludicrous fantasies and bland sentimentality.
Fisher's performance is piercingly real--frankly the best performance from a teenager I have ever seen.
So paint by numbers it should probably come with a free brush, the movie offers no surprises.
Murphy's performance is pretty good most of the way, but he needed a stronger director than horrormeister Wes Craven to keep him in check.
... the film version is often more boisterous and brassy than a movie ought to be.
Trolls World Tour does a fantastic job of showing how music can change our lives while bringing us closer together and accepting each other's differences in a positive light.
Eventually becomes less like a comedy and more like a guy working out his neuroses in front of a camera while we pay $8 to watch.
Think of it as a greeting-card version of the end of times. Self-consciously winsome. Decorous.
This invigorated play is more Frank Capra than Kenneth Brannagh, and reminds me just how much 1930s screwball comedies were in debt to the Bard of Avon.
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes. But be warned, you too may feel time has decided to stand still. Or that the battery on your watch has died.
...it does have one redeeming attribute: brevity.
Compared with Metropolitan, it's pretty shapeless stuff, but there's clearly a witty mind at work, although what's on screen suggests an open martini bottle too.
Neither are merely satirizing the late '80s string of age reversal comedies. Instead in their own bizarro way have a charm that results in their commitment to the premise.
A movie just for Friday fans, critics be damned. If you already like this sort of thing, this is that sort of thing all over again.
When a straightforward description of the plot is funnier on an ironic level than any joke in the film, you're in for a bad time.
...it's unclear if the Zellners believe there's a tragic romance in wanting a woman who doesn't want you back or they understand that's just patriarchal BS.
Even though The Dilemma fails as a whole, there's enough ethical brain teasing and character-based conflict to warrant an unenthusiastic recommendation.
Combine two mannered performances with a script intent on achieving maximum cuteness, and you've got one wince-inducing sugar rush.
Some of this might have passed for uproarious in a TV sitcom, although probably in an earlier decade than the one in which we're dozing through this movie.
The artwork is accomplished, and intricate. The G-rating is genuine, without any gross-out gags. And there's none of the usual winks to the adults with tired, pop-culture references.
If you don't like Shaun the Sheep, then baa-ram-ewe!
In the end ... I felt mostly relief that, for the moment, this series is finished.
Brad Pitt's the only straight-shooter, the only thing that consistently kills in the wobbly, well-intentioned "War Machine," which is what you'd call "theoretically funny."
Successful only in sullying the memory of a superior movie that didn't warrant a sequel, particularly one so glaringly lacking in imagination and purpose.
Even the jokes have bunions.
As with average TV fare, moments of genuine humor are rare, and character development can best be described as perfunctory.
The movie feels relentlessly overwrought and never quite knows how to deliver its outrageous shtick in broad doses. Otherwise, A Haunted House 2 is a fetid foundation that begs to be condemned.
Honestly, isn't it a little late to be bemoaning sleazy reality TV?
The film struggles to find a rhythm, because Jeunet is constantly throwing up brightly coloured blocks of comedy with visually incongruous punchlines, like a magician with a dove in every pocket.
Even the swamps of New Jersey look beautiful.
The film is close to being an embarrassment, but Kudrow single-handedly almost turns the film around.
There I sit, suffering total numbness of body and brain, no longer having to wonder what it might be like to be buried alive in gooey marshmallow.
A rather dreadful black comedy that never manages to be funny enough to justify its ham-handed social commentary.
Juliet, Naked is a simple story lovingly wrapped in genuine discussions about life. And it's these discussions that really fuel the film and round out its rougher edges.
Writer and director Marc Lawrence keeps the film whistling along at such a giddy and relentless sitcom pace that you tend to overlook the fact that the leads have all the chemistry of a blind date.
[Cumming] lights up the screen with a spike-haired character that surrenders to camp and runs with it with a wildly jubilant abandon
A raucous comedy about men chafing against the responsibilities of adulthood.
Any movie that can wring hilarity out of a scene in which the heroine keeps making inadvertent Holocaust references has to be doing something right.
Despite its obvious angling to become a franchise, this Green Hornet offers little that's worth committing to even the "cult flick" chamber of your brain.
This inventive superhero movie hybrid (The Incredibles meet the X-men via Harry Potter) is one of the most entertaining family films of the summer.
The picture is ramshackle, episodic and mindless. But, with a comic hit-to-miss ratio of around 2:1, it must be accorded a success in its (admittedly unchallenging) field.
Is it impossible to make an exciting, warm-hearted live-action movie for kids that doesn't insult the taste and intelligence of adults who take them to theaters?
While it's a movie richly endowed with big names, you come away imbued with the happy thought that they all left their egos at home.
A fitting finale for a Disney trilogy guaranteed to resonate with kids of any age for generations to come.
The Hitman's Bodyguard [is] a painfully wretched, gruesomely violent and artlessly vulgar action-comedy that is so devoid of genuine entertainment value.
This film is such a squirming, watch checking, horrible experience I was wishing for a magical remote that would click it off.
If it could decide whether it was a cute romcom or a dirty one, Man Up would be a real gem, but as charming as it is, it falls between two stools and never manages to, ahem, Man Up.
Luckily for Franco, Cranston makes for the perfect comic foil in Why Him?. That craggy, lived-in face can launch a thousand laughs with a simple squint of the eye, cock of the brow, or clinch of the jaw.
The narrative grows increasingly reliant on laborious chase scenes and noisy shoot-outs.
Despite this inconsistency and Schneider's one-note turn, the film does offer a few amusing moments. All too often, however, The Hot Chick feels like a cold fish.
Four years after its eight seasons as an HBO series, "Entourage" is back as a feature film, and the first thing that needs to be said is that you don't have to know the show to enjoy the movie.
Combines supremely catchy songs, the forward and sarcastic dialogue of the unsurpassable Julie Andrews, and a psychedelic plot.
Sure, you'll laugh. It's funny. But your memories soon will be fuzzy, a little out of whack, and the next thing you'll know you'll have eaten an entire bag of Doritos. Or at least wish you had.
It's about as lightweight a movie as you can imagine, but fans of the show will love this last bid for stardom from TV's favourite hangers-on.
It's really not 'Bad' - just average.
There's an appealingly shaggy buddy comedy hidden somewhere inside of The Spy Who Dumped Me, but good luck finding it amid all the desperate poop jokes, lifeless action sequences, and lazy plot mechanics.
Perhaps bites off more than it can comfortably chew, but isn't without a pleasing portion of food for thought for viewers tired of being unchallenged by mainstream studio fare.
Ultimately, What Happens in Vegas resembles a drunken night in Sin City; when it's over, you don't really remember what happened except that it wasn't good.
It is, ironically, easily the best Batman movie since Tim Burton's masterful 1992 sequel Batman Returns.
A couple of 10-year-old boys all hopped up on concession-stand soda would be ideal companions for Disney's latest: Race to Witch Mountain.
I recommend you suspend any whiff of disbelief and enjoy Sonnenfeld's hammy sci-fi Western, set in the late 1860s.
Amusing diversion.
By itself, this would just be one of those workmanlike relationship films the French turn out by the yard; but all the Allen stuff throws its mediocrity into sharp relief.
Director Dan Mazer takes the overaged frat-boy antics too far.
Director Weitz doesn't come close to pulling off the film's drastic tonal shifts, but at least it's an improvement over his last two films ...
If every cloud has a silver lining, my lining is that my year-end worst list is one film closer to completion.
The movie may appeal to fans of Spade's trademark smug and blandly disaffected comic style. And his delivery occasionally fits the material. But too many segments are flat and schlocky.
These movies grow shorter and less funny by the year.
Truly this is one of the most off-putting, unpleasant and earth-shatteringly unfunny "comedies" I've ever seen.
Charmless, witless, and utterly pointless, Richard Linklater's insultingly bad remake of Bad News Bears marks the absolute nadir of the maverick director's career.
Homework is an epitome of the quirky, coming of age trend at Sundance, a hollow but likable enough comedy headed for modest box office.
Lister-Jones makes us believe in this couple, keeps us interested in their lives and keeps us thinking about other people like them.
When your straight man gets more laughs than you, it's time to modify your act.
The movie is frequently amusing and occasionally uproarious.
It's disappointing given Maher's known comic potential and his regularly televised socio-political insights.
Only one terrible sub-plot away from being a legitimately good movie.
"Isle Of Dogs" mostly earns its spots - and its place in the upper half of auteur Wes Anderson's filmography.
Missing Link is a charming adventure featuring Laika's most ambitious animation to date. It's their most accessible and conventional film yet, while still being leagues ahead of every other animation studio in the business.
A great example of moviemaking on autopilot. The screenplay not only heads for the predicable finish line, it also makes sure to hit all the predictable stops along the way.
Are you bored yet?
Raising Helen can best be described as Jersey Girl with better acting. The idea isn't that interesting, but at least the people involved seem more committed.
...a meaningless vanity project that squanders the abilities of its very talented stars.
After a few too many inferior Pixar-style movies, Disney's 50th animated feature is a CG-rendered return to the all-singing, all-dancing musical fairytales with which the studio made its name.
...who, aside from undemanding teens, is the intended audience for these films?
"Ride Along 2" pretty much employs the same crowd-pleasing blueprint as the initial go-round: Ben and James are at odds. Ben and James must capture a bad guy. Ben blunders and James fumes.
It would seem that Meyers wanted to make an old-fashioned romantic comedy but the result is formulaic and phony. And no amount of crying, conga lines, cute children, champagne or Christmas cheer can change that.
Isle of Dogs is one of Wes Anderson's best movies, an imaginative and amusing travelogue through incredible settings, populated by wonderful characters, with a lot of heart and even a little insight.
Hollywood has tried too hard, attempting to re-create organic family life through excessive artificiality.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a perfectly serviceable comedy for the retirement crowd, but it has a troubling undercurrent of cultural awkwardness that's too hard to ignore.
A mocinha no precisava ser Ph.D em Dramaturgia,  claro, mas tampouco deveria ser retratada como algum com Q.I. inferior ao de Forrest Gump.
...this time Robin Williams is coaxed back into the fold. Understandably, he saves what little day there is to save.
There are an awful lot of subplots and comic characters but none of the actors in this star-studded cast is allowed to build his laughs and the Coens just abandon several of these vivid personalities along the way.
Sandler is so genuinely funny and likeable, and his chemistry with Aniston is so charming that it's a terrible shame he doesn't put more thought into these movies.
Fraser and Hurley are terrifically matched for their interplay, and some of the writing is so smart it outclasses the film's cartoonish feel and occasional foray into hokey special effects.
A fresh approach to the relationship comedy that will reward repeat viewings.
I suspect [director Jonathan] King's next film will be better.
Has just enough to get us through a hump but not enough to pull us to complete satisfaction.
Computer Chess may seem like a novelty item, but it's that and more, accumulating insight and substance without ever losing the fun of being a lark.
These weirdly effective shifts in tempo, combined with an attention to detail and distinctive dialogue, make for the best moments in this offbeat adventure.
Set It Up is cute, sweet, funny and yes predictable but it does what it sets out to do and that is to entertain - which it executes very well.
Cars 2 won't win any new converts, but will sell an awful lot of car toys.
It's pure tripe, and the cast knows it.
Sweet, moving, and with an irresistible magic all its own.
This mildly amusing adventure story will both entertain young moviegoers with its dazzling color scheme and scare them with some intense moments. It has a bit of charm, but it is not enough to keep a tight leash on parents.
The heart of this sweet-natured ursine klutz beats strong and true.
Silver Linings Playbook is defined by the positive decisions that are made in the face of imperfection, desperation, and the desolate wasteland of your world in pieces.
The Next Level may not be way above its predecessor, but it's a few steps up, for sure.
A rather sweet fable about sincerity.
The movie possesses all the cloying cuteness and soft-edged drama that we've come to expect from pro's pro Marshall.
Sluggish and boring, it doesn't have an original bone in its dead body.
60 minutes into My First Mister, I was thoroughly engrossed. A half-hour later, I desperately wanted the whole mess to end.
This curiously touching doc has a bittersweet ending.
A decent idea for an episode of "Everybody Loves Raymond," "The Do-Deca-Pentathlon" falls short as a movie.
Clement's predilection for center stage is real and actually kind of astounding, pole-vaulting James Strouse's low-key romantic comedy into something much sturdier.
The result is something that might best be called Monty Python and the Holy Mess.
None of Coco's few flaws can fatally undermine the film because it is, most of all, a smart and enduring piece of storytelling with a satisfyingly twisting narrative and richly complex theme.
There's probably more scenes in slow motion in Bad Moms than in The Matrix.
Bride Wars is hell at its most banal -- like watching a dull sitcom with a broken remote.
A delayed and dismal attempt to marry screwball comedy with socially aware drama.
The airiness of this film is the result of hard, focused work... It's not high art, but it's about as impressively disciplined as filmmaking craftsmanship can get.
It's a measure of how little there is in the film that even at just 83 minutes it feels stretched.
Brought to you by Participant Media, makers of Food, Inc. and The Cove. Next time, guys, give a hoot and don't pollute the multiplex. Save the children. [Blu-ray]
A pin-sharp send-up of 1970s blaxploitation.
A sort of over-heated alternative universe where a funny-again Chevy Chase shows up as the hot tub repair man, the band Poison is all the rage and the '80s kitsch is outstanding.
It really adds something new to the zombie genre and there's no doubt a lot of people will become fans after seeing it. [Full review in Spanish]
Wow, when Disney misses the 'reimagining' mark, it really misses.
This screenplay was in no shape to be filmed; perhaps the filmmakers assumed that the mere presence of Eddie Murphy would repair its wrongs and give them a big opening weekend.
The best Disney fantasy-musical since Mary Poppins, a hilarious, dazzling send-up of the thing that made Disney what it is today fairy-tale princesses.
Consider the unpretentious 'City Island' fine counter-programming to the CGI monsters, bland romantic comedies, randy teens and spandex superheroes that clog the megaplex.
Almost all the charm of the real story is lost through the contrivances and overacting.
Perhaps the whole thing is intended as post-modern ... But it's not funny ironic, it's not funny straight, it's not funny anything. It's embarrassing from start to finish and Pegg looks deeply uncomfortable in it.
Mike, Dave, Tatiana and Alice come off as more quirk repositories than flesh-and-blood people, which flattens the film's insistent attempts at redeeming them towards the end.
Courtney Love coordinates the film's soundtrack, which only adds fuel to film's frenetic fire.
How wonderful that a film that is so unapologetically frank should simultaneously feel so warm and delightful.
Look before you Leap Year.
Let's get this out of the way. Kids probably will love this movie. That doesn't mean it's a good movie, because it isn't.
Despite it's formulas and occasionally stale moments, I found myself surrendered to the entire journey and enjoying myself immensely.
Sing is one of the biggest surprises of 2016, not because it is especially great, but because it is much better than a movie about singing, talking animals ever needs to be.
A fast-melting and mostly watered-down scoop of an all-too-familiar flavor.
You just have to go with it. This is pure unadulterated wish-fulfilment for the over-50s with a sunset ending that could have been sponsored by Saga Holidays.
Mr. Magoo is transcendently bad. It soars above ordinary badness as the eagle outreaches the fly. There is not a laugh in it. Not one.
What put me off is the uneasy blend of the film's mean-spirited nature and the zany slapstick that accompanies it. There also seems to be a superficial lack of foundation for some of the things the characters do.
Once the quest part of the movie gets going, and a very cute baby enters the scene, the humour becomes as irresistible as the wean.
Keener is as adorable as ever and there's a chemistry between her and Carell that takes you by surprise.
What pushes this movie over the top is how it combines cartoon fun with rich evocations of the beauty and romance of Paris, the value of family, and the wonders of food.
At last, a movie that combines the acting prowess of the title character in Weekend at Bernie's with the convoluted plot of Dude, Where's My Car?
The Shakespeare in Love song remains the same, only the lyrics have changed.
a strange cross between Get Shorty and Office Space, yet having its own unique flavor
A smashing satire disguised as a generic buddy cop thriller.
Too many times the characters in this movie sprint across the line separating quirky charm from know-somethingish affectation, and then stay on the wrong side of it.
funny and light-hearted enough to pass for an innocuous afternoon of entertainment
...an entertaining romp...
As it did two decades ago, the adolescent need to impress hangs thick as Lynx body spray.
There's a near-total lack of toxic behaviour in Booksmart, as if such attitudes have been eradicated. It's an admirable social dynamic that feels like it's set a generation ahead of our own, and as a result feels slightly detached from what we know.
Has all the hallmarks of a straight-to-DVD project - inferior plot, dull writing, cheap drawing - perhaps because it was intended for the bargain bin at Target, Walmart, and Costco.
A supremely silly, oddly enjoyable concoction from Regina writer/director Lowell Dean.
David Cronenberg's Maps to the Stars gives us a satirical look at the world that surround Hollywood society with several controversial scenes that, sometimes, do not impress as expected. [Full review in Spanish]
...self-deprecating moments ... make `Hitch' work, largely because they tie into the movie's belief that the appeal of a perfect man lies in his imperfections.
Sweet and well-intentioned, Sassy Pants is difficult to dislike, despite its missteps.
There are plenty of lame pop-culture references to Apocalypse Now and Taxi Driver, should any losing-the-will-to-live parents need a final push over the edge.
Stunningly subversive, even for Wilder.
A pro-abortion propaganda film. No one in their right mind would breed with the foreknowledge that they would grow up into these brats.
Less, however, would have been considerably more.
The film has a childlike quality about it. But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass.
This clever film is a treat for the whole family in a season when very few films offer family entertainment.
Charming, poignant, hilarious and cringe-inducing Eighth Grade is a modern coming-of-ager made with real candour and features a spellbindingly lovable performance from Fisher.
It's a stunner. Unlike many other romantic comedies of recent years, it's actually funny and actually romantic -- heartbreakingly so, since there's no "happily ever after" part.
Chasing freedom's not as funny as chasing fast food.
The problem is that you sit down waiting to laugh, so every time you aren't, it's really noticeable.
While it may concern elves and Christmas, 'The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause' is more dreary than cheery.
Jackie Chan has made plenty of cracking films in his native tongue, but Little Big Soldier, a rambunctiously tragicomic martial epic set during China's Warring States period, is regrettably not one of them.
How refreshing it is that Enchanted gently makes fun of Disney tradition while upholding it at the same time. There are no cheap or vulgar jokes, and sentiment never turns to treacle.
It exudes the kind of strange fascination that keeps you glued to the screen just to see what could possibly come up next.
Once it gets going and commits to its time-worn inspirational formula, it's not half-bad.
The TV series was never subtle about its moral messages, but this film pushes everything over the top, straining to interconnect the strands, ramp up the brutality and lay on syrupy sentimentality.
A great midnight movie experience in the theaters, but the film itself is a bit of a bore.
A satisfying but very familiar retread of the first movie.
A good majority of children will find much to enjoy here and parents will no doubt appreciate the film's positive message, inspiring characters, and genuinely good heart.
Flipping the cautionary themes of Mary Shelley’s original source material, Frankenweenie plays out as a primarily pro-science parable...goes out of its way to encourage free-thinking square pegs to avoid gaping round holes.
A belated, gaseous sequel that slowly burns off its fumes of disappointment until all that's left is a flaming hull of misery.
Lame plot and overall weak impact.
David Gordon Green's hilarious stoner comedy is to action movies what The Big Lebowski was to film noir.
As a DreamWorks production, "Abominable" has a classic visual style, but if there's an additional element that justifies a look, it's the way the animation periodically uses light in its compositions.
If this series has any more life left in it, Myers and Roach have to do a major rethink.
Milner and Poulter are a lot of fun to watch, a pair of first-timer naturals who don't reek of Dakota Fanning Young Actorliness.
There are times when I laughed, but, as a whole, this particular buddy film really isn't worth the price of admission.
Director Ruben Fleischer mixes fright and slapstick with bloody glee. And the surprise star cameo is a wowser. Enough said.
It is not the worst superhero movie this year... but your mileage will vary, especially for those with little interest in old, reheated cinematic pizza.
It has the main characters and a hint of the idea but it's all go-to-hell fun from there.
Well-acted and directed.
How did Kevin Smith gain any fan base? This clunker made a bundle.
...there's no denying that the film is always completely compelling, if only on a purely visceral level.
Nothing great and certainly not a classic, but nevertheless entertaining enough.
Hey, I might be flunking Calculus, young viewers tell themselves, but at least I'm not letting someone swing a dead mackerel in my face.
"The Gentleman" isn't offensive, and it's not even good enough to qualify as coarse. If it weren't mildly annoying, it would be as close to nothing as an experience can be.
Hall fail.
This is a mid-life crisis. Strike that. This is a mid-life crisis in a Quentin Dupieux movie.
A great teardown of an atomised society full of alienated people, turned up to caricatured levels by Cox and his fantastically committed cast.
Like the 2003 original, the comedy Bad Santa 2 is a foul-mouthed and mean-spirited Christmas tale -- but, unlike the original, it loses its nerve in the final reel with a stab at unearned redemption.
...less about gadgets and spies than the awkward, hollow feeling a boy gets in his stomach the first time he calls a girl.
With incredible effects and a fun story, Stuart Little 2 tops the original.
The notion of a villain's divided impulses has potential that's plump like Gru's torso, but the payoff's scrawny like his legs.
Half-Baked wants to be a classic moronic movie, but it's just too stupid to achieve that goal.
Profanity does not a creatively satisfying comedy make....slim characterization and an overfamiliar premise...[relegate] Bears to lazy, hazy, summer-daze mediocrity.
A film aimed to entertain 7 to 12 year old girls and no one else.
Dog Freaks: The Movie!
Apatow continues his assault on gentility and good taste with this roll in the gutter that degrades women. The sad part is that there is a good, sweet movie lurking here behind all the vulgarity.
Heck, suck the exhaust fumes from a 1969 orange Dodge Charger. But whatever you do, no matter how big a fan you were of the show, do yourself a favor by skipping the movie.
There's no doubt that these people deserve each other. It's just a matter of sorting out which insufferable twit ends up with which.
It's so overly simplistic, and its so hackneyed, and they don't really breathe a lot of life into that message. Having said that, there are enough light and goofy moments that are playful.
Too lackluster to be praised highly, yet too benign to be excoriated, "Rock Dog" is the perfect family film for a rainy day with no other options.
Stumbles in miscalculating how far it needs to go to make this particular romance convincing when, as another romantic comedy character put it, it had us from hello.
I'm not saying the director should stick to developing apps himself. But he might have made a better movie if he'd committed to Rocky Road from the start.
At least Reynolds looks like a man finding his way to take risks once more.
Part of the film's pleasure lies in watching its spirit of poky Southern amiability give way to true-crime insanity.
...sweet and gentle, and the conclusion, while expected, carries a good deal of touching sentiment.
I just might write my own 31 rules to live by.
21 and Over desperately wants to be The Hangover and Superbad for a new generation of moviegoers, but it is nowhere as funny or as memorable as any of those movies.
Wears a bit thin.
Five screenwriters, three stars, maybe two good jokes.
In keeping everything so polite, The Intern, while being a pleasant and watchable movie, is also entirely ephemeral. Maybe that's why, like Meyers' other films, The Intern will likely be so re-watchable, too.
Easy A gets an A+ for keeping the teen high school comedy clever and quirky.
It's kind of silly, but how many movies boast a leading man who isn't afraid to order 'roast cat and string beans' at a Chinese restaurant?
The Man Who Loved Women is not merely a film that hasn't aged well; it was stale six months after it was released.
Though it's not on a par with Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's best work, it's hard to imagine anybody not enjoying it.
Please: No Game Plan 2.
Such an unconventionally smart, funny and delightful teen comedy that it's like a breath of fresh air. It's this year's Mean Girls.
That's what makes the film so endearing - it captures that strange relationship between film subject and filmmaker, something that is carefully hidden in most documentaries.
What it doesn't have is a way of making sense of its comic and dramatic strains, together, in the same movie.
It's properly laugh out loud and easily the best fun I've had at a comedy in ages - mainly due to the fact it's plot is sturdy and original, with more than enough to keep everyone happy.
Although the story sometimes drags and the predictable rom-com ending feels too pat, "Silver Linings Playbook" scores some intriguing insights into what mental illnesses we consider socially acceptable.
Your Highness isn't a serious fantasy epic, but it isn't much of a comedy, either.
Fast-paced, colourful and fashionably girl-powered fun that, while treading no new territory, is perfect entertainment for younger kids.
Appallingly unfunny...About as stimulating as an actual 300-mile drive across the desert wastelands of Arizona and New Mexico.
It's still strictly insufferable.
You won't die laughing...but it's a pleasant enough diversion.
It may have been four years since the HBO television series Sex and the City halted production of original episodes, but the characters and material are still not ready for their big-screen close-up.
The '70s TV show Taxi had it down better, with better wit and cohesion.
The fairytale aura is nourished by outdated yet timeless notions of Frenchness and Americanness, grand romantic fantasies in themselves.
A truly divine 'Cyrano' update with Steve Martin in amazing comedic form.
Space Jam is, perhaps, best viewed as a 'package,' something put together by agents and dealmakers rather than filmmakers.
It may not shatter any molds, but it clicks along in a genial, spirited manner.
It, like the Mask-powered baby in it that has the ability literally to bounce off walls, is all over the place.
It's all undeniably silly, but satisfying in an overstuffed blockbuster sort of way.
Funny and witty enough to be a comic chart-topper this summer season.
Best left to easily pleased youngsters, who might just overlook its familiarity and airheaded, Cowell-era bandwagon-hopping.
It's a new year, and a new romantic comedy, and a new opportunity to observe that Amy Adams' hair really is very pretty, and...sorry, I nodded off there for a minute.
A good dumb comedy really needs to be a helluva lot smarterer than this.
The Dictator isn't as outrageous or screamingly funny as Borat. There are laughter-free stretches. And yet, the character of Admiral General Aladeen of the North African Republic of Wadiya, begins to grow on us.
The all-American The Big Sick is one of the best-edited comedies in memory... Michael Showalter's [movie] that could have sputtered or confounded without the amazing scene-to-scene, shot-to-shot timing of its jokes and sobs.
Upbeat, engaging romcom has language and drinking.
Silver Linings Playbook is defined by the positive decisions that are made in the face of imperfection, desperation, and the desolate wasteland of your world in pieces.
Goldie Hawn, you break my heart. Amy Schumer (co-star and co-producer), woe upon you.
Somehow, Dirty Grandpa is not just another crappy comedy. It's kind of a great comedy.
Put it this way: Gary Busey is in the movie. You'll forget it faster than he does.
A film so disastrously slight that you've forgotten 95% of the gags by the time you pull out of the parking lot.
Guaranteed to feature 2015's best climactic battle atop a train set -- pardon the terrible pun -- 'Ant-Man' is freaking f-ANT-astic fun and the year's most pleasant surprise.
Duller than a Monday night at the cobweb museum...
Thurber seems oblivious to the hypocrisy of mocking our image-conscious society while simultaneously making fun of the film's oddball loser characters.
A watered-down star vehicle for chat queen Ricki Lake, the comedy lite has been flicked on none too delicately by director Richard Benjamin.
Atkinson as the bumbling and fumbling English is well supported by Miller as his earnest and loyal sidekick.
The situations are so painful sometimes that its almost as if Apatow sat down and made a list of the things that create friction between men and women and then wrote a script around that.
Jumping the Broom is no Soul Food, but as a worthy seriocomedy about African-American family dynamics, it's nourishing enough.
This is what happens when the guy who directed two "Home Alone" movies collaborates with the screenwriter of "Looney Tunes: Back in Action."
Pixar's Day-of-the-Dead gem pays loving tribute to Mexican culture with animation that brims over with visual pleasures, comic energy and emotional wallop.
An easygoing film that's not as quirky as it wants to be and does just enough to make you glad you watched.
Murphy himself is rather dull in the straight man role, and the jokes are pretty coarse for a family film. But it's certainly better than the lacklustre sequel, which finds Eddie playing second fiddle to a performing bear.
As animated films go, this is easily the best of a weak year.
Made me laugh, made me care and didn't insult my intelligence. It's almost as fun as making a baby yourself.
At its best when it's being lighthearted and at its weakest when it takes a halfhearted stab at semi-seriousness.
This sappy fable about music's power to stir the soul to life never finds its groove.
Stupid freaking Judd Apatow, with his stupid freaking foul-mouthed and sentimental "Hobbit"-length comedies, his stupid freaking insistence on not only peopling them with his old comic cronies, but his wife and cursing kids.
My, is there corn. But you'd have to be holding on very tightly to a bad mood to walk away from this meal with a frown.
Call me rash, but I wager the worst flick of 2007 is Sarah Michelle Gellar's latest clunker, Happily N'ever After.
P&P&Z likely won't appeal to hardcore zombie fans - its PG-13 rating will attest to its gentler level of gore, mostly played for laughs - but anyone who loves Austen's original novel will find something to enjoy here.
Whoever came up with the idea of pairing Theron and Rogen needs to be put in charge of casting all Hollywood comedies.
It's pretty pointless, really, but the characters are so engaging that we can't help but fall for them
Smallfoot is an ingenious lesson in critical thinking, adroitly delivered via CGI animation. It's also hilarious, laugh out loud funny in parts. The humor is equally as clever as the plot.
Dumb movie, but some funny moments for teens.
This seems smug and overindulged, with several scenes feeling like they've been improvised way past a point when that's a good thing.
...a moving, surprisingly traditional 'women's picture' in ridiculous, overpriced clothing.
After Max von Sydow played chess with Death in The Seventh Seal, he was condemned to hell: a prominent role in Rush Hour 3.
Some of the gags do feel a bit repetitive but there are enough funny moments here for this film to stand out on its own.
As Phil starts to lose it, Ferrell commandeers the movie.
Silver Linings Playbook looks like your run-of-the-mill wacky family comedy, but it's an important film and a great one that deserves to sweep the awards it's nominated for.
You can often gauge how desperate a comedy is by the number of attacking animals it features.
The movie seems to have been made simply because these guys should get together again.
[Murphy] is the only thing that isn't deadeningly predictable here, but it might still be worth the price of a ticket to see him continue to have such fun being a movie star.
If National Lampoon's Gold Diggers ... had a single laugh in it, that laugh would die of loneliness.
Among the all-stars, Edward Norton made me repeatedly chuckle, and it's always a pleasure to see Bruce Willis when he's not operating in paycheck-whore mode.
By time the film flashes its title at the end of its closing credits, it's almost as if it's saying those words to its audience. It's up to you to determine if it's a biting barb, or an apologetic epilogue.
If it's not too late in the day for yet another zombie movie, this has enough small pleasures - especially in the lead characterisations - to make it a worthwhile watch for a) Cuban exiles and b) long-term zombie completists.
It's well up to the standard of the hyperkinetic fun we've come to expect from this sort of thing, both knowing and silly ...
Hot Tub Time Machine is a joyously R-rated, surprisingly insightful yet uncontrollably outrageous film.
Quaint and fairly lovable kiddie adventures.
...as if they took the adage that the 'sequel is never quite as good' as permission, rather than a challenge.
Of course Shanghai Knights is fluff, but it's entertaining fluff, and, like the westerns of yore, a nice way to pass a Saturday afternoon.
A video game of a movie that's better than most video games.
Enjoyable, frequently funny teen comedy with a witty script, great characters and an utterly charming central performance from Emma Stone.
Ultimately, this is a comedy that shows a lot of early promise but fails to deliver.
Sure, it gave Sellers his classic role, but on its own, it's not that great
You figure Bullock would have learned her lesson about sequels after the Speed 2 fiasco. MC2 isn't that bad, but it puts its star's charms to the test.
The zombie crowd may be bummed by all the talking and prancing about. The Austen crowd is, well, not typically into zombies. But if you're in the sweet spot in the middle, it's oddly moving. And peppered with zombies!
One comedy that will have you begging for more. A motley group of talented canines outperform the humans.
Big Momma may be larger than life, but the shtick is older than old.
A welcome return to the winners' podium.
[Sing is] taking the delightful animal world of Zootopia, stripping it of its complex moral teachings, and chucking in a whole lot of absolute pop bangers to boot.
Adults, especially those who had -- or still have -- a favorite toy will grasp the poignancy underlying the entire feature.
Plays out as a farce that (sadly) just isn't all that insightful, witty, or creative with how it approaches its premise - one that is kind of funny but only goes so far.
It's an unhurried film, content simply to let its lovable hero loose in New York, then watch the genial hijinks as he tries to acclimate himself to a pre-Giuliani Big Apple.
The song's the same, but Pitch Perfect is a great cover version.
Failing to tap into practically any of the charm of its predecessor is Zoolander 2, a supposed comedy devoid of practically any creativity and humor.
The problem that Surfer, Dude faces is that in its attempt to be a stoner comedy, it forgot to add the comedy elements.
The result is entertaining while it lasts, but won't lodge itself permanently in your memory bank.
Frantic and over-produced, with the ungoverned star at his spastic worst.
Cheap, ramshackle entertainment that's nevertheless imbued with affection.
Shocker represents a low point (perhaps the lowest point) in the career of horror master Wes Craven. With lazy and uninspired writing, in addition to a mishmash of ridiculous plot points, this is a film that is best (and easily) forgotten.
Not quite as clever as the Toy Story films, but still features some first-rate vocal performances by Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and John Lithgow.
A film that, simply put, is difficult to care for or get excited about.
Imaginative, infectious, just what the doctor ordered for these stay inside days.
The whole theatrical setup feels woefully underimagined.
Protests the entitlement of children by shamelessly promoting the entitlement of condescending grandparents.
Feldstein is demonstrably too old to still be cast in these teenager parts. But she's so damn charming and disarming, I was happy enough to go along with the ruse.
If you have an insatiable urge to laugh this weekend - this is your cure.
Allen's magic immerses us in nostalgia and romantic illusion during two hours of pure entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
Some of the most pure visual storytelling you're going to see this year.
Ocean's 8 is packed with style and charisma, and its focus on female friendships and relationships is a welcome respite from the typical summer blockbuster.
It is an orchestrated confusion, lurching somewhere between a joyfully zany tribute and an over-intelligent, at times dark, social critique.
Events veer from the apocalyptic (the near-extinction of America's flowers) to the inexplicable (the finale is a parody of an 'Airport' movie), all presented with a glib yada-yada sense of inconsequentiality.
The movie has plenty of ingenuity. What it lacks -- completely -- is inspiration.
I think the filmmakers wanted this movie to be some kind of homage to old Hong Kong kung-fu flicks ... But is this a joke or a sincere ode?
It can be an empowering story of how to handle one's identity and the ability to assert yourself. It can also be a movie about crumbling reality and madness.
This charming, funny film takes a gentle poke at Little League baseball and the American obsession with winning.
Fun-ish, given Ritchie's sense of "fun" includes some genially anti-social elements that just kind of squat there being unpleasant.
The teenage girls act, and interact, like human beings on planet Earth, fully free of the nagging John Hughesian archetypes of "babe" or "wallflower" or "uptight scold."
A movie as catchy and likable as the title song.
Probably the worst of the Critters series (and that's saying something).
May have been filmed in a new process: Pectoralscope.
... short and, in its way, sweet.
The problem with the Farrellys' latest comedy isn't that it's tasteless. It simply isn't funny enough.
The 8 to 18-year old audience for whom this urban melodrama is intended won't be put off by the youthful cast's limited acting range, phony boxing choreography and the wavery storyline.
It's Sparks (television's Complete Savages) and Embry (Can't Hardly Wait) who carry this dual coming-of-age tale with engaging, if often raw, performances.
Bitch is an attempt to make a feminist statement that is just as punchy and provocative as its title. However, the central gimmick tires about thirty minutes into the feature...
It's very silly but very watchable; you'd have to be very puritan to take exception.
It may pass the time amiably enough for the little ones. But parents may find themselves surreptiously reaching for their phones to find something more interesting to look at.
Predictable, mediocre.
It is one of 2013's most immersive and enjoyable animated features.
Before a single joke is told, Seth Gordon's Four Christmases earns a positive grade for its inspired casting.
A fun, fast comic-thriller that serves the talents of Cryer magnificently
Coscarelli, who brought us four volumes of Phantasm, is a surefooted B-movie journeyman, and for Bubba Ho-Tep he's in a generously lunatic mood.
There are funny moments in "Baywatch," most of them courtesy of Johnson, who has become a sharp comic performer. But there aren't enough of them ...
The saving grace is the presence of Mann and Diaz, who long ago appeared in the same film (1996's She's the One, also about infidelity) and strike sparks in this one.
I never contemplated what Andy Griffith's face would look like during orgasm, and I curse this atrocious and shoddy romantic comedy for making Griffith do it and making anyone watch it.
Consistently amusing, with a several laugh-out-loud set-pieces, including a classic scene aboard a tourist helicopter over Manhattan, the picture makes for a riotous and inspired comedy that doesn't outstay its welcome at a tight 84 minutes long.
They may as well have called this one 'Mis-Matched Sham Wedding Comedy #57513' for all the effort it makes to shake new life out of a tattered genre.
Bereft of any ideas at this point, these are some pretty unfunny Fockers.
Reilly does nice work playing his big lug's insecurity and struggle to let his friend go, but Silverman delivers a performance that's downright moving in its expression of yearning - on a couple of different levels, interpretation depending.
Entertaining enough, but very clearly improvised within an inch of its life.
This mild-mannered farce, directed by one of its writers, John C. Walsh, is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago.
It is a light and refreshing diversion, a perfect way to spend a few hours of your summer.
Priceless special effects of the cast talking about doing the voices of these mechanical 'bots with a heart...
So advanced - with lifelike motion and imagination-tingling artwork stroked with a silicon paintbrush - that it makes its predecessors come off as crude, ancient scrawlings on a cave wall.
Po and friends redeem themselves with a terrific third act, the animation (in three distinct styles) is superb and there's enough hiii-YA-ing to keep the kids yipping throughout.
Adds yet another wry, carefully composed bibelot to the cabinet of curios that defines the Anderson oeuvre.
You can usually tell when a mainstream American comedy is worried about its laugh quotient, because it goes into needlessly crude mode.
You're gonna have a good time (at least some of the time) while they do their thing.
A movie that is smartly written, boasts plenty of funny lines and rides hard on Pegg's ability to look and act like the most stoically put-upon person on the planet.
This musical, elliptical, personal, poetical, sensual indie produced by Jay-Z has a seductive DIY feel and a lineage that's part early Spike Lee and late Charles Bukowski.
If you're a fan of Ferrell's tangential humour, this is a blast with some particularly impressive directorial flourishes from McKay. Still not as funny/weird/demented as Anchorman.
Awkward cuts rob the film of cohesion, and even the charming Kinnear seems to disappear at times amid the chaos -- a real test of viewers' faith.
By trying to include everything, they accomplish nothing.
Lowlighted by embarrassingly unconvincing performances by the four women and hackneyed dialogue, this falls flat.
A slapdash, gross-out good time if you're up for some rude 'Hangover'-style shenanigans to go with your heaping helpings of '80s nostalgia.
Just because you can do something does not mean you have to. Long and noisy is not enough.
Woo disappoints on so many levels, lacking in wit and intelligence, characters with any sense of dimension and a coherent story line.
Edgy, exciting Santa adventure has some iffy behavior, peril
Hoodwinked, what big stink you have.
Rushmore is a truly American film that deserves to be seen by many, many people.
Not so much good as it is low-key, amusing, and painless.
Mindless drivel.
The movie itself makes no judgment. It's smart enough to ask you to do that by yourself and for yourself.
Somewhat silly, yet genuinely sweet, often amusing and pleasantly diverting for everyone young and old. Please be sure to stick around after the end credits for a stinger.
Love Actually is a Robert Altman film on happy pills.
For all its wild comic abandon, Duck Soup has darker implications than the usual Marx Brothers comedy and, as such, feels the most relevant and sharp in its satire. [Blu-ray]
"22 Jump Street" is exactly what comedy is today. It's coarse, free-flowing and playful.
Rarely a boring moment or unnecessary scene. Avatar isn't going to redefine movies as we know them, but on the level of pure visual spectacle, the bar has certainly been raised.
Tinged with the sadness of watching a beloved elderly relative making a bloody old fool of himself.
How could so many talented people collaborate on something so dull?
Sacha Baron Cohen's smiling and gregarious Borat, as opposed to his haughty and selfish Bruno, scores much higher on the likeability scale.
Stumbles down the runway like an overdressed supermodel with two left feet.
An immaculately constructed Rube Goldberg device that accumulates comic energy and speed as it reaches its finale, built from social and emotional hypocrisies we use to try and paper over our vices. It's what Russell does now, only far less serious.
What rating do you give a film that's as vile as Freddy Got Fingered in some scenes and as funny as Rushmore in others?
Little more than an exercise in frustration, and no amount of chanting the supposedly therapeutic "goosfraba" is going to help.
A cliched mess, this comedy lacks the carefree humor of its superior predecessor.
Nobody likes weddings and we certainly don't want to see what goes on at table 19.
[It's] filthy and, on occasion, hilarious, with a lot of funny people executing some terrific physical humor and a few inspired, shocking jokes. Then there are the shocking jokes that simply don't land, coupled with incredibly shoddy production values.
...the quirkiness seems a little forced, a little overdone.
DIRTY GRANDPA is certainly dirty. It's crude and rude, and that would've been great if it had offered a few laughs. It doesn't. At all.
Just slightly funnier than you'd expect, this dashed-off teen comedy cribs from a thousand other movies, without coming up with anything original of its own.
If Shrek was Raging Bull and The Incredibles was Million Dollar Baby, Robots is one of the Rocky sequels.
Kids may still giggle at the rampant diaper jokes, but this movie is hardly worthy of the Rugrats name.
The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd. It's all pretty cynical and condescending, too.
It's about as briefly entertaining and disposable as the music it spoofs.
The Parent Trap is a nice, old-fashioned movie.
This mother-daughter comedy is flimsy for sure, but watching the dynamic comic duo of Goldie Hawn and Amy Schumer mix it up on screen is not be sniffed at. They're rock stars.
A laff-a-minute, female empowerment fantasy far funnier than the original.
Everyone bumbles along and the actors go into overdrive trying to convince us that this is all terribly hilarious but most of the time they are fighting a losing battle.
If ITV had made Doctor Who then it would look something like this.
50 First Dates is more of a romantic comedy than an Adam Sandler comedy.
Like most of these sofa-spud comedies, Anchorman bears its attention-deficit disorder proudly, as it shifts tone and abruptly sidetracks.
"The Boss" forces all its characters on us and doesn't have a direction that justifies any of the events in the film. A disappointing comedy that struggles to keep its story afloat.
Adams does her level best, but her perkiness quickly wears as thin as her spiky heels on those pesky rural roads.
Dwayne Johnson is completely committed and some jokes really land, but most of it is sadly uninspired.
Teen spy tale is another success for young Frankie Muniz and is backed by a broad spectrum of unexpected talents.
This Sundance hit is as clever and charming as you hope it will be, though, regrettably, not consistently so.
Unfortunately, thanks to a lazy and often absurd script - an angry alligator also makes an appearance at one point - whatever vision birthed this sequel just doesn't add up.
For his characters' demises, co-writer/director Eli Craig (aka Sally Field's son) comes up with the sort of ridiculous Rube Goldberg setups you would usually find in Final Destination movies.
Steve Martin delivers a marvelous, physically challenging performance in this often hilarious comedy.
It gave me about 10 big laughs and 20 small laughs and as many smiles. That`s value for time and money spent.
Eddie Murphy's latest is exactly what everyone expects it to be; painful, cliché and predictable.
God gave us the brains to see through the sort of shallow sermonizing that Evan Almighty wants to pass off as true faith.
The "shock" humor slowly smoothes itself out and meshes into the laid-back quality of the story, helped by the sheer presence of the cast.
A girls-night-out comedy that strives to be the next Bridesmaids or Sex and the City -- but that never quite captures the spark of either.
Its flaws notwithstanding, the sum of the parts in this Cody Banks sequel make the film ``Destination Entertainment'' for kids and parents.
Don't waste your money on a movie ticket. Buy the soundtrack album instead.
[The movie] offers a deep bench of comic actors in bit and cameo roles, as is the tradition with the series. They all are upstaged by an inanimate object.
Scintillating dialogue such as "Life's random, innit?" is indicative of the film, which is worryingly reliant on the supposed inherent hilarity of two straight men accidentally kissing.
As for the three or four endings, none are as pathetic as watching Gooding Jr. putting another nail in his career coffin.
A small voice could be heard occasionally whining: "I don't like this!" and "I want to leave." Until the six-year-old sitting next to me finally turned and asked me to be quiet.
Albeit no cinematic achievement, The VelociPastor is a hysterically ludicrous horror-comedy that knows its absurdity and has no qualms inviting you in.
As with his earlier sequels, Nutty Professor II fails because Murphy tries too hard to outdo himself all the time.
If there is anything good that comes from Sex Tape, it is the age-old lesson that you shouldn't make one, ever. Ever. No, really, ever.
Michael Shannon plays a drug dealer selling three different kinds of weed for the occasion, built around the concept of past, present, and future; buy your ticket now
That the picture walks and sometimes crosses the line into the products it parodies is a measure of its zealous thoroughness and also its central pitfall.
Atkinson has amassed a loyal following who will no doubt support "English" in theaters. But most will leave disappointed, thinking, "Bean there, done that."
It's one of the loveliest lowest-budget features to come down the pike.
The animation quality from Illumination seems to be getting better with each project they release and this film is no exception.
It [message] complements [its] absurdity perfectly within this consistently charming, welcomingly spare, and infectiously funny franchise.
O cineasta parece julgar que o espectador ir rir apenas dos inmeros palavres ditos pelos personagem ao longo de todo o filme.
At first glance, the premise comes off as stale and lame: three Chicago high-school gfs make a pact to lose their virginity on prom night.
Wants to be this year's "The Heat", but never gets hotter than lukewarm.
A comedy that manages a seemingly impossible combo: it's daring and feelgood.
This feature might work better as a television series, but Garcia himself gives the picture some much-needed ballast.
True, it's just a bit overlong for junior attention spans, but given that the boys get lots of movies with wizards and special effects, little girls will surely welcome a film that seems tailored just for them.
It's pretty regular in terms of plot and story - the kind of thing we've seen many times before, though usually with less likable actors and without all the dirty jokes.
...this is a masterpiece compared to anything Rob Schneider has put out only it suffers from the same form of stereotyping.
Maybe it's not entirely as original, but this sequel proves the future of the franchise is still pretty amazing.
There are enough laugh-out-loud moments to make "Life of the Party" a fun date night; just don't be surprised if your relationship lasts much longer than your memories of the film.
The state of the Muppet union remains strong...self-reference sits comfortably along hip pop-cultural references for the 'rents: stylish parodies and retro musical numbers along with vintage Muppet gags...
How to Be Single defies expectations in a satisfying way.
...possesses few elements designed to capture (and hold) viewers over a certain age.
For the most part, Anders does a fairly good job tugging at the heartstrings while trying to navigate a complicated topic...
The film cuts superheroes and their oh-so-serious issues down to size.
Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz! Tom and Cam! Cruise and Diaz! Together again!
Steve Martin used to be a wild and crazy guy. Now he's as bland as his hair.
I don't know if anyone was clamoring for a movie version of the '60s TV show but it's surprisingly entertaining sandbox for director Guy Ritchie to play in.
Might be the series' most frequently hilarious installment.
Stale first act, Scrooge story, blatant product placement, some very good comedic songs, strong finish, dumb fart jokes.
What grounds the film, always, is the likableness of leads Cho and Penn.
Terrible comedy with a few amusing moments. Not dark enough on one end, not silly enough on the other.
Finally with 'St. Vincent' we are getting some full, unadulterated Bill Murray in a fun little movie that tugs at your heartstrings without triggering your gag reflex.
It's a trip we've been on before. Johnson and Hart make the journey a little more pleasant than it could have been.
Aloha, in spite of its cast, will not be a career highlight for anyone involved.
The best thing about Stuber? It's not that damn serious. Just sit back and enjoy the rideshare.
Porno is an absolute delight.
Serves up heaping helpings of everything fans loved about the first.
"That Awkward Moment" is a fun flirty film that couples and singles will enjoy.
For all its "Hooray for Hollywood" sparkle and highly welcome down-with-Hollywood bile, this dream machine blows its gaskets with too many flat non-scenes, stale jokes and pointless cameos.
It'll keep the kids content for a couple of hours, though it's likely to bore the grown-ups.
The humor is seldom character-based: It's more a matter of actors saying whatever outrageous thing springs to mind at that moment.
Turns out Jane has come back to make a 95-minute mother-in-law joke. Scratch that, now I'm exaggerating. A joke is funny. A joke has rhythm and structure and timing and a punch line. This, by all evidence, is no joke.
To call it 'atrocious' and 'loathsome' is to pussyfoot around the truth.
I haven't seen this much tightly packed multi-talent squeezing the melodic and emotional juices out of a ripe theme since Fame in 1980.
The Lego Movie is the first really awesome film of 2014. If you're old enough to play with the toys, it's a must-see, and there's no age too old for the film.
[It's] not successful, but you can't quite dismiss it. It's full of imagery that stays with you.
Easily the greatest killer spider film ever made.
This Means War makes a decent date movie, but it doesn't have much to offer beyond the charm of Witherspoon, Hardy, and Pine.
Scary Movie 5 is a dumbed down and hollow version of the franchise formula - resulting in an idiotic (and unamusing) attempt at parody that is tedious not fun.
The stealth allegory of the insidious nature of gossip as a tool of domination, and the scathing class satire of misbegotten and socially unjust personal goals, carry a productive sting that should leave kids smarting but a bit wiser...
Despite the consistency of the film's droll take on murder and mayhem, it still feels oddly uneven and skimpy, as if there just isn't quite enough meat on its narrative bones.
RV is a road trip made by people who seem never to have taken one and are disinterested in anything that might happen outside their very narrow focus.
Soul Plane is a great premise searching for a better script.
This passable dramedy plays like a Hallmark Hall of Fame telefilm with fart jokes.
It's 'Smokey and the Bandit' as conceived by a Quentin Tarantino wannabe.
Sometimes they're truly hilarious; sometimes they're lazy enough to milk laughs from scattershot vulgarity; and sometimes they try to pummel the audience into submission with humor...
It's taken 51 years, but someone has finally done in "Scooby-Doo."
The low-energy, high-boredom Red is exactly like every other spy movie, except the spies are older.
Imaginative but very weird, more Monty Python than Walt Disney. Not for all tastes.
develops a ditzy rhythm all its own
Call me a moron, but I laughed so hard I inhaled my roach.
"The Heat" would be a fairly ordinary entry in the female buddy cop genre except ... there is no genre yet. Happily, Melissa McCarthy may single-handedly change that.
The effervescent glitter sprays, catchy songs, and visual neon kaleidoscope of trolls are a smidgeon overwhelming, yet the heart of "Troll World Tour" has weighty underlying messages.
Like a trained monkey, Martin Short is trotted back out for more of his mincing shtick. But perhaps the most unattractive quality of both films is the ugly obsession with material excess.
The cracking script - a veritable treasure trove of smart one-liners - and beautifully-worked setpieces make this one of the most enjoyable comedies of the year.
Loopy, charming.
Ambitious, good-natured, mostly successful effort to refashion action-adventure tropes for the modern age.
Bobby and Peter Farrelly have brought water to the arid desert currently calling itself American film comedy. It's a drink spiked with enough crudeness to cause a nasty bout of dysentery.
The dumb, mean-spirited start never gets sharper or smarter, and when it tries to show the guys learning the tougher side of being a woman, it's neither perceptive nor funny.
"Monsters University" never transcends the 2001 "Monsters, Inc." the way the "Toy Story" sequels do, because the plot relies on familiarity rather than originality.
Sentimentality and secretions, with a generous helping of blatant product placement, do not make for the most graceful of holiday entertainments.
At his worst, Depp is better than a good 90% of the actors in Hollywood.
Diary of A Mad Black Woman has no idea what kind of film it wanted to be, and fails at every genre it tries to tackle.
Uneven Jackie Chan action flick has war violence.
Lord and Miller once again prove that they can take the most unlikely corporate assignment and turn it into something delightful.
After 87 painfully unfunny minutes of Slackers, you'll be begging for the type of mercy that only comes with the start of the end credits.
I've been placing all my money on Vin Diesel, but it's time to hedge my bets: The Rock is the action star for this generation.
Hart is the comic equivalent of a journeyman musician with a lot of clever licks and one good trick. Once you've seen it, you have little appetite for more.
A little comedy that dares to think big, Ricky Gervais makes the leap to Hollywood comedy lead with aplomb in a sweet film that will give you a whole new appreciation of the power of telling porkies.
The result is the funniest, savviest political comedy to come our way in some time.
What we have in The Banger Sisters is half of a good movie struggling to fit into half of a mediocre one. The scenes between Hawn and Rush work best.
Story directs at a lacklustre pace, which suggests he signed on with the returning cast purely for a pay cheque, while parallel romantic subplots beggar belief.
Tina Fey is really funny. Steve Carell is really funny. Date Night stars Tina Fey and Steve Carell. Ergo, Date Night must be really ... sorry, I wish it worked that way almost as much as the studios do. But no.
It's a solid summer time-passer as eager to please as an adorable dog wagging its tail.
This is a spy comedy which seems entirely unaware of the new genre of Jack Bauer or Jason Bourne, and instead looks more like a Roger Moore-era 007 knockoff.
This is `Big Momma's House' meets `Misery' meets `Enough.'
Four of the five characters are really unlikeable, and the effect is of being trapped in a small place with five hideous people yelling at you - it's crushing, oppressive and claustrophobic.
It's fine in its way, a fond and silly salute to pub crawls, old friends, crap cars, roundabouts, British eccentricity and keeping your head in a crisis -- it's just terribly hit-and-miss.
thoroughly and maddeningly okay from start to finish
There are movies opening this weekend that nobody will care about in a year; people will be packing theaters for revival screenings of Scott Pilgrim in 20 years.
If you take this as, in a sense, a dirty fairy tale, it is absolutely hilarious. If you take it straight you're going to have a terrible time. You're also going to be missing the point.
Sandler at his crazy, comical best....side-splitting stuff~
Comic action, appealing hero, splendid dogs; some scares.
The film's failure to adhere to one of the most important rules of humor -- never give extensive screen time to someone who is not the slightest bit funny -- prevents it from being a completely enjoyable, if silly, romp.
Ralph Breaks the Internet is a fun take on our current technological obsession with ego and individualism. [Full review in Spanish]
The central theme of this rather over-egged comedy is strong enough to keep us interested. Although the film itself is far too corny
The hero and his support rockers, Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer, who co-directed and with Samberg co-wrote the script, are amiable, antic and tuneful.
96 minutes of Charlie Day in full screech...Who wants to see that?
It's remarkable how all the moving parts of Static Cling coalesce in one perfectly paced, thematically coherent special that's still consistent with the old show's appeal.
A big part of why the film stays enjoyable is that instead of watching a movie star play an unknown, you're watching an unknown play an unknown.
A sweet-yet-subtle romantic comedy that seduces you more with humor and compassion than with its kinky premise.
In many ways Frankenweenie is the apotheosis of Tim Burton's style, as well as a reminder of his strengths and weaknesses; it is emotionally neutered and keen to self-plagiarise, but beautifully formed and a lot of fun.
Salvation Boulevard wins exclusively on the strength of its cast.
What should be a breezy, hand-waving romp turns out to be a misshapen, lazy flop. One moment it soothes the heart with sweet music, and the next it fries your ears with feedback.
This had two good laughs and some chuckles. It's stupid but it works on its basic level.
Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is as insufferable as its title.
Swings from dark comedy to political message film to science fiction, with occasional dips into noir, religion and even a musical number featuring Justin Timberlake.
The picture is a beautifully foreboding storybook sprung to life, mixing guffaw-inducing comedy, frightful fantasy, and resonating drama without missing a beat.
The first movie was complete and did not require or deserve a sequel which this new movie proves
Like a supermarket enchilada, it initially seems appealing but you quickly realise it lacks flavour.
Comedy and absurd action taken to the limit, that although it could fall into oblivion like any film of this type we are before a product a little more interesting than it seems in the beginning. [Full review in Spanish]
Crazy Joe Dante at his absolute best.
Susan Sarandon is terrific as the Evil Queen; Timothy Spall pops up like a well-used wart; and James Marsden is the terrifically thick and handsome Prince.
[A] goofy and derivative supernatural action-adventure, based on a comic-book series by Peter Lenkov.
Chaotic and crude - but its lack of sophistication feels like a badge of honour.
As usual, Haddish steals the show... Opposite her, Hart seems like he's trying way too hard to coax a laugh from the audience.
A great political pot-boiler.
A screwball hit-man comedy in the Grosse Pointe universe, it's like what you'd get if Nora Ephron wrote True Lies while high.
Mixing elements of frisky French farce with middle-class American comedy, It's Complicated is a daffy and delectable spree.
The Goods, which shows signs of considerable tinkering in the editing room, is understandably not getting a hard sell at all by its studio.
In the film's attempt to straddle feel-good and feel-bad, ultimately one feels nothing.
Not since Lenny Bruce has a comedian pointed a spotlight on people with such observational precision.
Christopher Robin is feel-good, merging Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore and the gang into the live action seamlessly, often with slapstick and crazy antics. It's also essentially a moving and uplifting story about a man having a mid-life crisis.
As the movie's title implies he's been updated, now he's possessed by the Devil.
An average Hollywood romantic comedy.
A serious examination of the funny bone that's pretty uproarious in its own right.
Sometimes delightful, sometimes tedious, always creative.
It may not leave any kind of lasting impression, but as a pleasant, throwaway night on the couch with a bucket of popcorn, you could certainly do a lot worse.
This is probably not quite as dreadful as it could have been but still guarantees much molar-grinding.
Kids will love the funny antics and parents might enjoy that Carrey is not over the top.
Every romantic-comedy clich gets played out, but merely re-enacting those clichs in an arch tone isn't funny enough.
...there does reach a point at which one can't help but shake their head at the relentless needlessness of it all.
Mid90s, the first feature directed by actor Jonah Hill, is, in many ways, a remarkable debut.
Months of Frances' life pass in minutes, yet those minutes feel like an eternity, thanks to non-action and uninspired editing.
A fluffy souffl starring two of the biggest names in French cinema, Potiche is dated and theatrical but provides a few gentle laughs for those who don't mind frothy French farce.
This film is well written, well acted, well designed and an impressive directorial debut from Larson - her next work should be much anticipated now.
It makes The Godfather Part II, Taxi Driver and Raging Bull all suddenly seem like a long time ago and far away.
Audiences can be grateful for the unique absurdist dimensions and freewheeling irreverence of Adams, which place the film in its own category of science-fiction comedy.
It's so ineffectual and unfocused that after it's over, you're not even sure you watched a movie.
The music is glorious.
An amusing, if not exactly original, African-American variation on Meet the Parents.
"Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates" also needs a lot of other things such as a better screenplay, better jokes, better editing, and a better movie.
Though it aspires to be like Chaplin or Tati, it's more like a bunch of terribly earnest clowns from the Cirque du Soleil performing a self-consciously cutesy, politicised version of Mission Impossible.
Marvelous Will Smith and his mostly watchable supporting cast soldier on bravely, but they're marching straight into quicksand.
Rushmore reeks with style and simply oozes charisma, from camera angles and composition to editing and a terrific soundtrack.
No movie has pursued its own wretchedness with such ferocity.
...with as many successes that Adult Beginners has-and they have plenty-there are a number of small flaws that hold it back.
Imagine the spirit of Amelie Poulain, the quirkiness of a Wes Anderson film, and the humor of Monsieur Hulot or Charlie Chaplin, all set in jolly ol' England.
It seems, well, curious that former child star Ron Howard --the beloved 'Opie' himself -- should have carved out a profitable side career as a despoiler of classic children's picture books.
The flick brings two hours of great big sloppy buck-wild laughs by morphing into a cross between Meet the Parents and Some Like It Hot.
A mis-mash of styles makes this film as genre defying as it is compelling.
While not a lot of Hell Baby works... the movie does seem destined to be the sort of acquired-taste howler that will most likely attract people who recognize how ridiculous horror movies can be-and, of course, stoners.
The glorious Julianne Moore is the best reason to see this American adaptation of Sebastián Lelio's Chilean film.
Let's Be Cops is an amiable watch that succeeds in spite of its many flaws, but you can't help but wonder what someone like Kiss Kiss Bang Bang's Shane Black or Superbad's Greg Mottola might have done had they got hold of it.
For the most part, it's an easy and happy stretch, big on slapstick and jokes that groan rather than gross out.
This movie feels like it was the product of some court-ordered community service.
You might say that when it comes to misfires, this Prince rules.
Fans of Wallace and Gromit may be puzzled by a visual disconnect in Flushed Away. They will certainly, however, be delighted by the unrelenting whimsy and fast-paced gags of a story that never slows down to think about where it's going next.
An example of quiet, confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet, charming tale of intergalactic friendship.
Poms manages to be a decent feel-good movie. [Full review in Spanish]
I've never been a fan of the Shrek movies, and the third entry in the series dutifully continues with everything they do that's annoying and irrational.
while I have a notion of what Tom Green is trying to accomplish, I can't find any appreciation for why he's doing it
You can argue quality, you can argue taste, but you can't argue the phenomenal success of these cheaply made joke-fests.
Meyers, who is 65, is so intent on selling this nostalgic vision of her peers, she turns a blind eye to some uncomfortable truths about the generational dynamics in which she plays.
Friends With Benefits is exceptionally entertaining. Definitely one for date-movie devotees.
In all, the worst parts of "The Smurfs'' can probably be summed up in two words: Smurf rap.
The cornball humor and aw- shucks demeanor often make the Disney Channel seem edgy by comparison.
It's as if, like the rest of the cast in this riotous non-event, [McConaughey's] having so much fun making the film that he simply doesn't care. Good for him.
It's nice to see an original spin on a classic yarn that does exactly what you want it to do: "Storks" never needed to be great, it just had to be a satisfying trip.
Birbiglia is a keen observer with a laid-back, off-the-cuff demeanor and a big heart. Those assets come through here as he explores juicy themes of success, friendship and moving on.
Fans of Sex and the City will love the movie version.
The game may be over, but I'm sure the sequels will live on - as long as they stay fresh and fun, that's not such a bad thing.
If you would rather spare yourself the torture of having the image of the legendary, Oscar-winning actor tarnished for good, then you are advised to look for your dirty laughs elsewhere.
Chuck and Larry tries too hard to find the right mixture of Adam Sandler's signature humor and poignancy.
Meyers couldn't resist living up to her predisposed reputation with an ending so false that it's almost indescribable.
Dwayne Johnson struggles to hold a comedy in search of its own identity. [Full review in Spanish]
This is Cohen's film and he delivers his share of healthy, guilty laughs. Just not his usual share, or with his usual flair.
Baby's Day Out contains gags that might have worked in a Baby Herman cartoon, but in live action, with real people, real taxis and buses and streets and a real baby, they're just not funny.
here's an engaging chemistry between the five boozers, while the surprise cameos, early 1990s indie soundtrack, zany violence and visual effects add to a self-aware, matey romp that slips down a treat.
It's a hodge-podge of Enter The Dragon and Blades Of Glory, yet infinitely worse than either. In short, a film about bouncing balls with the bounce of an anvil.
Heigl and Kutcher make a cute enough couple, but a cringeworthy opening and ludicrous (even by the standards of the genre) ending mean that this is one to watch only when your brain is switched to the "off" position.
Tons of fun and definitely worth the price of admission.
Paul Feig's film has gambled on women, assuming that female moviegoers are sick of being reduced to man-starved, materialistic shopaholics by Hollywood.
Uma produo de extremos: quando falha, chega a ser embaraosamente ruim - mas quando funciona, provoca fortes gargalhadas.
Thin friendship comedy has language, slapstick pratfalls.
This was a waste of two perfectly good hours.
Unlike Monster House and The Iron Giant, there's no sense of magic and danger to this bland animation, which illuminates nothing or enriches the possibilities of its genre.
It's not a great film, but it'll do for a silly summer lark...Oh, and CIRCUS AFRO!
This is a movie to love, that touches you in places you never suspected, that shows you that the road less traveled is the road to your dreams.
A whimpering condemnation of our online obsessions that weaponizes an imbalanced tone that *never* worked for me.
The Dead Don't Die was an unfunny, self-indulgent, frustrating experience
Binder serves up an unappetizing concoction of Big Chill and Ernest Goes to Camp stew.
A fresh breath of comedy air. It's kooky, zany, wears its heart on its sleeve, and has Taika Waititi as a cult leader - what more do you need to know?
"Brave" is easy to like but hard to love, a feel-good fable with the latest bells and whistles.
"Shrek" is more than just a dazzling technical achievement in digital animation, it is a witty, clever, charming romantic comedy about heroism, love and friendship.
Some weak editing and writing causes the film to stumble, but overall Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is a funny, good-looking feature film that delivers exactly what its title promises.
In the end the film is just as winsome and sugary as its facile message: "love, actually, is all around."
A singularity among the clones it so deftly and ingeniously parodies.
A feast for the eyes, and often very funny.
After a half-dozen feature films -- not one flop among them -- Lassater and his team certainly know how to construct a story.
Goon, for the most part, comes off as a perpetually watchable and sporadically hilarious comedy that benefits substantially from the engaging work of its various actors...
Willy Wonkas of the 21st century rejoice! Bumblegum Bond. Oy-Oy-Seven. Worthy of the franchise that awaits it.
As those of us who actually follow these entertainment industry sagas head into the real life awards season, it's a pleasure to have For Your Consideration arrive just now to remind us what nonsense it all is.
"Don't mess with Texas!" Emma snarls at the captive Cordelia, the girl tied to a chair with an apple lodged in her mouth. Yes, it's as unclean and creepily disconcerting as it sounds.
There really doesn't seem to be any reason for this listless Chipmunks installment - the fourth in their continuing big-screen revival, if you're counting.
Instant Family is a feel-good film during the holiday season and one that should be seen by everyone as it might just start a much-needed dialogue.
Audiences attuned to these kind of four-person dramas will get pretty much what they expect.
Sweetly simplistic and serviceable, introducing a fuzzy friend that's adorable, not abominable...
Vicious laughs and smart shots at our "enlightened" humanity abound, but a nasty current of misanthropy overpowers Woody' latest work.
Despite this material's definite loss of innocence and surprise, it offers some engaging moments.
Has a delightfully human quality.
... amiable enough thanks to the two stars, here at their most likeable ...
What is seen on the screen is not far from the reality that is lived today in the country governed by Donald Trump and in many parts of the world. [Full review in Spanish]
You can't shake the feeling that 60 minutes of comedy has been stretched and teased and goosed to make 80 minutes of movie.
Night is definitely hampered by the fact that it has no viewpoint on history. Some satirical ideas would have elevated it onto a higher comic plane.
With an obnoxious main character and little comedy, this animated comedy never really finds its footing and instead stumbles around like a drunken squirrel looking for a place to go.
The movie is called "How Sweet It Is" and oh no it ain't.
Disarming fun as it trails a little girl who almost learns too late what's important in life and tries to correct mistakes that her older self made.
You won't remember "Ingrid Goes West" for long after it's over, but as summer diversions go, you could do much worse.
In a way, it's the perfect representation of Garfield. A bland comic strip inspires a bland movie.
No mínimo, uns 30 minutos poderiam ter ficado no chão da sala de edição. Ou uns 60. Aliás, para ser mais exato, 98 minutos. Esta seria a única forma de salvar este projeto.
ParaNorman is style, substance, [delicious] brains and a huge [cold dead] heart.
Unrelenting in the number of ways it can get its one joke wrong.
Bounces easily between edgy humour and sweet sentimentality.
The way it sets up and then sustains its internal logic and distinctive style is a remarkable achievement. It is also a consistently entertaining film from beginning to end.
The presence of Xu Jiao, who never tips her gender for a moment, and is winsome without being cute, is enough to keep the audience watching.
An odd but often laugh-out-loud funny mix of absurdist humor, raunchy backstories, and genuine pathos.
A lot of this is funny, and a lot of it isn't.
The whole thing is so divorced from any recognisable reality that it succeeds only making all the women in it seem like psychotic morons.
You know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up as a Chinese wedding chapel minister. No, come to think of it, you know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up at all
An inventive Norwegian comedy that depicts the redemptive power of an extramarital affair
Well now, here's a good yarn, the feature debut of Shaun the Sheep, the biggest stop-motion star to come along in animation since Wallace and Gromit.
It's not even clear why the film is called "Spenser Confidential." There's nothing hush-hush about it except this: Everyone associated with the film might want to keep that confidential.
It's one of those rare baseball movies that has a real feel for the game, instead of using it as a backdrop for bizarre characters.
It's a LEGO movie for people who despise the very idea of a LEGO movie, which is pretty punk rock for a CGI movie made by one of the largest media conglomerates in the world.
The formulaic shortcomings of Serious Moonlight are redeemed by the glow of a group tribute to a fallen friend.
Killer Joe is tense, character-driven and McConaughey gives the performance of his career.
clever and funny, though overly corny in spots
Soul Plane will likely inspire viewers to immediately rewatch Airplane! to wash out the bad taste this new movie pollutes into their mouths.
If you loved the TV series, then you'll love this. If you hated the series then you might as well catch the movie on cable.
Yet another silly Disney comedy that is strictly for kids... if you don't mind your kids being exposed to the vulgar material that passes for humor in "family movies" these days.
A mere shadow of the earlier movie with not enough decent jokes to paper over deep feelings of familiarity.
An enjoyable alternative in a summer of disappointments.
It offers a few solid laughs and will provoke some smiles, but there's too much of a tendency to go for obvious, largely unfunny humor when something more subtle would have satisfied.
Fur flies in this frothy, innocuous, critter-filled romp - but it's certainly not worth the 3-D price bump.
[A] brisk 85-minute serving of visually piquant capers ...
Fast, cheap and out-of-control - and those are its good qualities.
A film with a simple argument that prescribes to a great extent of digital images. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's Zombieland's delightfully offbeat characters that give the movie its staying power.
Knowing what it's not worse than is the worst sort of praise.
It's an emotional dissonance Pixar has always been supremely comfortable with, as Toy Story 3 once again proves with knowing humor, wildly imaginative visual virtuosity and bittersweet rue.
Slow-witted, clumsy and almost pathologically reliant on crude name-calling for laughs ... Horrible Bosses represents the lowest end of the comedy spectrum.
Be forewarned that writer/actor Tyler Perry's cross-dressing turn as same only accounts for a meager portion of this cynical exercise in manipulation.
Sit through this one, and you won't need a magic watch to stop time; your DVD player will do it for you.
A film like this has it bad when a crash test dummy steals the show.
A mug of warm cocoa with marshmallow topping that produces a comfy feel-good glow.
A modestly entertaining genre pick that doesn't take itself too seriously.
Overrated, but with enough great moments to be a must-see
It has a certain Midwestern charm that settles calmly in the stomach, making the viewer feel warm, comfortable, and quick to smile.
Doesn't belong in the top ranks of animated fare but, like its predecessor, it contains enough humor, charm, and warmth to make it a solid family film.
Revolutionized animation, and had a great story, to boot!
A couple of the tales here are more palatable than others, but these can't quite transcend the film's overall feeling of mean-spirited pettiness.
A Mighty Wind doesn't blow. But it fails to conjure the type of comedic hurricane that fans of Guest anticipate.
A lasting problem with so many SNL-populated movies is the ingrown clubbiness of its humor -- the suggestion, whether overt or implied, that comedy is nothing more than a funny idea flogged to death by a fraternity of late-night wags.
Can you say 'cinematic atrocity' boys and girls? I was afraid you could. This has a place in the Sequel-For-Sequel's-Sake Hall of Infamy.
Every once in a while it's fun to just sit back, go wild, dress up in garters and watch a messed up movie.
The rush of craziness like stealing cop cars and marrying strippers comes from the actual act of doing it--uh, so I've heard--not just being told about it the next day.
We start with a standard drug movie and end up with so many monologues to the dog that the dialogue coach must have needed a pooper scooper.
You won't have seen anything this funny in a theater since... well, maybe since Anchorman.
In the end, Neighbors is one of those disappointing comedies that was probably more fun to make than it is to watch.
This is killer satire, drop-dead (and get back up again) funny.
an energetic and charming romp through the claymation countryside
Good Boys successfully exploits a newfound ground between crudeness and innocence, but nearly runs it dry.
About 20 per cent less anarchy. 30 per cent more jokes, and 40 per cent more story would have made for better viewing.
There's some good comedy as their expectations of school life are turned on their head (everyone's caring and politically correct) and Tatum's hunk finds himself bonding with the science nerds, while Hill's fatty is cast as Peter Pan.
Despite the negative tenor of the dialogue, the film itself has a sweet quality.
The new story, which tries to build on Elsa's mythos, is convoluted and feels more invented than organic, leaving "Frozen 2" feeling like more of an obligation than an equal to the original film.
It is unrelenting in its abusive, potty-mouthed dialogue, and at times the filth threatens to disrupt the comedy. But similar to the film's main character, its manic energy always finds a way to move things forward regardless of the consequences.
Overstuffed with gimmicks, but short on charm and creativity.
not spectacularly unfunny or appallingly made; it's just a rote treatment of a familiar subject
This is a grandly entertaining film, full of vigor and wonder.
It's easy enough to recommend The Prince & Me as a romantic comedy. The movie wants to be more than that, but the muddled way in which it divulges its themes occasionally makes it suffer from a split personality.
It's clear, increasingly so, that the picture's hit-and-miss environment is more miss than hit...
Cluttered, claustrophobic and self-referential.
Broderick's misplaced voice-over is just one miscalculation of many, amid the lame special effects, poorly sketched parents and forcing the great Carl Reiner to give voice to an old sheepdog's comments about flatulence.
Just like Pixar's previous animated hits, "Toy Story 4" aims to leave you a weeping mess. This chapter at least piles on the emotional deluge at the end after plenty of adventures, laughs and one nutty road trip.
A tedious movie about kids making an amateur film.
Thanks to strong performances, an incisive script and smart direction, Instant Family is a sweet, touching and endearing movie.
Comes across like a too talkative and boring party guest.
There's not much substance here, but it doesn't really matter. Shaun the Sheep Movie is filled with funny slapstick hijinks and clever bits of humor.
It's something of a feat to miss two target audiences with one movie, but that may just be Thunderbirds main claim to fame.
It takes Joshy a little while to find its footing after a truly shocking opening scene, but once it does there's a nice story about friendship in the toughest times.
Nutty, scary and fun
Witch Mountain is a full-throttle adventure that features at least half a dozen cracking action sequences, some adult-pleasing comic one-liners.
What's the statute of limitations on youthful optimism? How many poor saps joined the military thinking Beetle Baileyonly to discover it was Full Metal Jacket?
The film, in its defense, is far too vacuous to be accused of having any kind of agenda-it just happens to get its politics wrong along with everything else.
A sloppy, implausible slasher movie.
It's a product for undemanding children to consume, one they'll forget pretty quickly after leaving the theater.
3 Ninjas Kick Back is just as lively and engaging as the 1992 original
The absurdity of the Indians winning the pennant in 1989 helped make the film a lot of fun, and it was a great little fantasy for Tribe fans back in the day.
There is nary an awkward or horrifying scenario [Baron Cohen] won't subject himself to, and, despite the lack of fearless japery as seen in Borat and Bruno, The Dictator has its fair share of gleefully embarrassing, shudder-inspiring moments.
Ground-breaking, this isn't: it's out-and-out commercial comedy. But it's well acted, undemanding and delivers a decent supply of laughs in a refreshingly brief running time.
A film that proves you can make money by creating jokes about men and their penises. Forever and ever and ever.
Pity the fool who can't get down with the overblown b-grade action entertainment found in The A-Team.
Ever go on a vacation where most of the people around seem to be having more fun than you? Then you already know what it'll feel like to visit Couples Retreat.
Campy fun if you're ready for it
One of the reasons M*A*S*H is so funny is that it's so desperate.
A warm, witty ode to ends, beginnings and everything in between.
If Christopher Guest didn't exactly hit the ball out of the park with A Mighty Wind, however, he has still made a film good enough to make any of his supporters anxiously await his next effort.
Rough Night is basically a feel-good amusement with some darker moments and implications, and a tribute to female friendship in which men, dead or alive, are far from the only topic of conversation.
Monty Python at their most successful. It improves with age.
Two fine performances and the thought-provoking subject matter raise it above the level of a disposable comedy.
What we have here isn't a disaster, exactly, but a very handsomely produced let-down.
PP&Z is rated PG-13, so the zombie gore is decidedly decorous. But before repetition dulls the party, the movie gets in a few juicy innings.
Even [Anna Faris] must recognize that the series has turned into the cinematic equivalent of a flat bicycle tyre -- it starts off with lots of air in it, but can quickly go flat when punctured.
It's Jackie Chan delivering tasty kung fu smackdown. As long as that's what you go in looking for, you won't be disappointed.
You could do worse, and this one's worth a look one slow evening in the coming weeks and months...
The shock of the unexpected that made that sequence so jaw-droppingly memorable is gone from "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" as sequelitis has Vaughn in its grip.
A steaming pile of excrement.
Nowhere near as good as the original but better than the second installment.
Salvation Boulevard wins exclusively on the strength of its cast.
While the mixed results aren't enough to clearly indicate whether there's a place in the world for the work of a maturing, more thoughtful Silent Bob, the film does have its strengths.
New writer-director Wadlow (Never Back Down) makes one severe misstep with this sequel to Matthew Vaughn's snappy 2010 Kick-Ass: he loses the irony.
Remake or not, if you're going to make a vampire movie in 2011, you'd better at least try to do something original. Something. Anything.
By all evidence, to make Nerds II, it took over 1,000 people with an aggregate IQ of under 1.
That rare made-for-Netflix comedy funny enough to have found an audience on the big screen.
The Coen brothers' artfully conceived but strained satire of '50s Hollywood gets the look right, but little else.
Overall, it's alright. I do recommend it for children, but there's no real humor in it, and I've just come to expect more from the folks at Pixar.
It has a fresh visual style and keeps the bodily function jokes to a minimum (like Pixar), but they also stuffed the movie to the gills with pop song after pop song.
This Hornet is a big, boisterous action-comedy - a funny, exciting and intentionally goofy summer movie that just happens to arrive in the middle of January.
None of this is as riotously zany as it wants to be.
Stillman's screenplay zings - you'll find more zippy lines in Damsels than on Charlie Sheen's coffee table.
Madea has some good line as does Larry the Cable Guy. The movie isn't laugh riot but it has some laughs and it also has a good message.
The plot has no surprises to offer but Samberg and company just happen to come up with a selection of inane and zany music to gel the narrative together.
contradicts and betrays its previously positive messages about feminine independence by making Mia settle for a man she loves only for his looks
The shtick has gotten old.
Only for those three leads it'd be a chore.
There's more inventiveness, and more honest to goodness heart in this film than the last four MCU films combined. And the soundtrack isn't too bad, either.
Parts of it are quite funny. So, go fetch.
Staged like stale Broadway theater, something has gone awry between the stage and the screen.
"Beware the Gonzo" is a thoroughly amateurish effort at capturing clued-in and smartass teens.
Rudd's charm and an overall sense of silliness make for breezy summer fun. It's also Marvel's most kid-friendly movie yet.
Because of its adorable protagonist, laugh-out-loud gags and touching premise, "Paddington" succeeds in a way most CGI/live-action hybrids do not.
Fairytales like this can come true... for me and for you.
Is Yes Man worth the trouble, then? Not to belabor the point, but yes.
This pitch black comedy in horror-movie clothing is certainly one of Whale's best films, and one of his most accomplished, making it one of the great classics in any genre.
Director Adam McKay feeds this sketchy premise (less good-cop-bad-cop, more non-cop-exasperated-cop) into a machine primed to run on the stoo-pid things only Ferrell can get away with.
The CG animation looks like rubbery plastic instead of animals, and much of it is spent on jokes related to derrieres and hindquarters.
This could very well be the most romantic movie of the year.
... if only the movie were as stinging as his stand-up.
Nope.
The attempts at being witty end up being more gimmick than skill, and produce stereotypical characters depicted by average performances.
What's happening beneath the surface, though, makes for more than escapist fun; Gnomeo & Juliet also serves as a smart tribute to camp and, as such, carries some clever, subversive comments on modern society.
Hello eyestrain! 3-D always was and still is a bad idea.
A good time flick, one that didn't really blow me away, but featured a sweet loser chasing a cutie-pie chick with a number of laughs and a quick pace.
'DeadTectives' is absolutely worth checking out, especially for those who can enjoy a hefty dose of comedy with their horror.
It's fun to see a couple of talented, funny women head a comedy for a change.
You don't need to see it in theaters. Wait until it's on Netflix and you can fall asleep.
Deadpool is arguably the most faithful and entertaining cinematic interpretation of the character that fans are likely to see.
an underrated flick
Is Walk Hard funny? Sure; very much so, in places. At least I think it is. It might just be the Date Movie talking.
Ferrell hasn't lost his knack for earnest weirdness, legitimately funny self-deprecation, and a dedication to taking some chances once in a while.
The jokes are bad (the puns are worse), the voice direction is pitiful, and logic is thrown out the window in order for the third act to even exist.
It's only real downfall is its lack of ambition to be more than decent. Saldanha has also been unerringly safe in most of his story telling choices, with little unexpected character development and quite a bit of overly tidy moralizing.
Robots looks custom-designed but feels factory-assembled.
Goon is like a hockey enforcer cartoon with heart, over-the-top and brilliant...
Mesmeric and meandering, Uncle Boonmee is worth a viewing, and it has great qualities, but as an overall experience it never quite reaches the heights it often feels like it might reach.
McCarthy and Wiig shine, of course; Jones, too, but McKinnon steals the picture.
For hang time with the guys, you could do worse than "The Watch."
All this could be frothy fun or irritating, depending on your taste or mood.
It gets the job done in a pinch, but 2016 deserved a far more apocalyptic rager.
A witty, effervescent romantic comedy that makes maximum use of the comic talents of Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton.
It's terribly sad that Paddington's creator Michael Bond - to whom the film is dedicated - died in June without seeing how absolutely wonderfully his legacy has been continued.
Writer Adam Herz has an uncanny knack of turning even the most predictable scenarios into slices of comedy magic.
A darkly comic underachiever that manages to charm almost in spite of itself, Ruben Fleischer's "30 Minutes or Less" is probably best watched as it was made: without much evident effort.
'El resultado es bastante mediocre, pues la cinta es bastante predecible y francamente aburrida'
Just a reasonably steady stream of closed-mouth chuckles over comic incidents designed for that laziest little compartment of your brain.
Ingmar Bergman's version of Mozart's The Magic Flute isn't his most cinematic work - it's a film version of an opera and was originally shown on Swedish TV. Nonetheless, there are elements here which echo his other films.
Too much of a slight and, at times, self-consciously naughty-minded thing.
It's like watching your neighbor's modestly talented daughters perform -- they're dutiful and hard-working, but oddly uncomfortable considering that they've been in front of cameras since the age of one.
What makes this movie so much fun is the cast.
Throw in a horrifically rendered Simon Cowell cameo - amid generally cheap-looking animation - and the movie becomes the stuff of nightmares.
It is joyously witty and profoundly weird. I recommend it heartily. But think twice before taking young children.
It becomes increasingly difficult to care one way or another about characters who act like they have undergone frontal lobotomies.
It's a sour, only fitfully funny affair, wasting the abilities of its otherwise talented cast, which includes Kirsten Dunst, James Marsden, Adam Scott and Isla Fisher.
The Perfect Man takes its idiotic plot and uses it as the excuse for scenes of awesome stupidity.
Coco shows more life in death than 99% of movies today, which should come as no surprise as Pixar once again aims directly for the heart.
I didn't leave the theater thinking "I Feel Pretty." I left feeling awkward.
The charm of listening to 10- and 11-year-old children swearing at one another begins to wear off quickly.
It is a shame that with this romantic comedy Woody Allen's cinema suffers the wear and tear of a routine that resorts to repeating itself with ease. His grace is only passable when he feels like it. [Full review in Spanish]
It's still pretty nuts; it's just never transcendent and sometimes downright familiar. But, as we said, funny's funny.
Refreshingly for children (but especially for adults), there are no lessons to learn and no faults to admonish. Instead, it's an 84-minute, dialogue-free distillation of all the innocent fun we wish childhood could be.
The problem is that Hit & Run can't really settle on a tone. It's a goofy caper that turns savage.
It ought to be within the wit of film-makers to create a feature-length animation - from My Little Pony, for heaven's sake - that five-year-olds can watch without the risk of crying.
There could have been a better film in there.
Would make an apt double feature with director Bobcat Goldthwait's recent 'God Bless America,' a similar road trip-as-murder rampage comedy in which people with bad taste and annnoying habits are targeted for 'deserved' extinction.
The barbecue sandwich I had for lunch was infinitely more memorable than the movie that preceded it.
Bolt's nothing short of a winning mix of pixel perfect magic.
Sheer, breathtaking brilliance. A must-see.
The Unauthorized Bash Brothers Experience genuinely feels as though it were made especially for me; it is a smart, hilarious piece of work by a remarkably talented trio.
Bewitched isn't just funny, it's classy in the way that only the best romantic comedies manage.
Funnier than it is smart.
Occasionally hilarious, usually thanks to Keegan Michael Key.
A pleasant enough collection of derivative predictability that's not without some minor charm of its own.
Armando Iannucci's debut feature In The Loop carries on the staggering comedic traditions of its source material, his critically embraced BBC series The Thick of It, hardly ever missing a step.
Busy, boundless and brilliantly bonkers, this is the madcap Marxist adventure comedy you need to see right now.
[An] inane sequel ...
Sandra Bullock gives her regular-gal aura a serious workout in Miss Congeniality as an ugly-duckling FBI agent transformed into a beauty-pageant swan. And, by gum, she pulls it off.
...a hopelessly underwhelming comedy...
Catfight will turn off many from the outset (there were many walkouts during the screening I attended) but its strange combination of brutal physical comedy and pitch black satire make it an oddity worth fighting over.
Fresh family fun. Although there are those slightly noxious images of rodents scampering around a kitchen, the movie doesn't stoop to kid-pandering jokes based on back talk and bodily gases.
...comfortable enough, but there are no fireworks.
["I Feel Pretty] attempts to deliver an inspiring message but ends up undercutting itself at every opportunity.
Especially considering the meandering storylines of today's uninspired remakes and sequels, this movie is keenly focused on what it's trying to do.
The Ugly Truth is proof that when dealing with such movies, oftentimes the only thing separating the complete trash from the sort-of-trash is the actors.
It's unlikely anyone over the age of 12 will find much to cheer about in the bland, sanitized moralizing this revamp of the decades-old Saturday morning cartoon show delivers.
It's pleasant and won't ruffle the nerves of any stressed-out parents.
It gets off to a grating start, but this slight comedy eventually finds its feet and delivers a holiday-themed package made up in equal parts of mild laughs and sweet-as-sweet-can-be sentiment.
A big hoot for adolescents of all ages.
It's Bill & Ted and it's impossible not to love them, at least a little.
"Why Him?" rarely delivers more than a half-chuckle. Right now, everyone involved might be thinking, "Why me?"
If you want abs, strippers, thrusting loins and more dollar bills than you've ever seen before in a movie then Magic Mike XXL delivers. It's just too bad it couldn't deliver the entire package (pun totally intended).
A sharply observed, post-economic crash comedy-drama that boasts a formidable performance by Cate Blanchett and addresses such pertinent real-world concerns as class, gender and corporate criminality in urban America.
Few American filmmakers create female characters as realistically funny, attractively imperfect and flat-out annoying as does Ms. Holofcener.
It's about stunts and gags -- and Shanghai Knights offers the most entertaining collection of any Chan film in years.
Whether he's doing Sin City or Spy Kids, Rodriguez always infantilizes his audience, jolting our synapses and indulging our slavering desires for goop and gore.
The scenes go on far too long but McCarthy never seems to hit her comic stride.
The core foursome are also grossly underwritten and any injection of energy isn't sustained for long enough to raise the pulse.
Almost embarrassingly bad Chuck Norris "Raiders" rip-off.
Thank God those penguins can dance just like humans, eh? It means they deserve to live!
[VHYes] in all its throwback glory frustrates and amazes in equal measures as a genre mind-bender - connecting unrelated events into a mixed-bag of goodies.
Knowing self-mockery is the name of the game.
Nearly every line is a different, potent form of B.S. in this droll little picture, with humor so dry you better buy that large drink beforehand.
Why Him? may be the funniest new film you'll see this or any other Christmas.
The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
Based on Rock's awkward performances, it's anybody's guess why DreamWorks thought the comic was remotely ready to step behind the camera.
Charlene establishes herself early on as manipulative and untrustworthy, which could lead to wicked fun if the film stayed true to this side of her character. Instead, like Hollywood clockwork, Charlene morphs into a good influence.
Ni su trama ni sus personajes son de aquellos con los que se pueda identificar la mayoría
The film retreats from its troubling message about the mystery of human nature and turns into a conventional celebration of male friendship. Vaughn is clearly prepared to push himself further, but Howard can be relied upon to play it safe
Devilishly extravagant, joyfully escapist, fun-filled, buccaneer thrill ride
Chow's comic fantasy is a sop to kiddie sentimentality that barely skirts rancid cutesiness by sheer virtue of its strange details.
As fragmented and heavy-handed as the first installment was smart, funny and, yes, at times unexpectedly sweet.
Sam and Rasheen's icky pas de deux is coarsely shoehorned into a movie that juggles three tepid romantic mini-dramas.
Better for having ambitions, but ironically less perfect for failing to live up to those ideals.
The director makes a rare appearance in front of his camera and stands out among a star-studded ensemble.
It's the screenwriting equivalent of buying a student essay off the internet.
It's calculative matchmaking, but not entirely genuine. Consequentially, the narrative appears more custom-made than it already is.
One of the most squirm-inducing saccharine-sweet movies to come along in a long time.
The LEGO Batman Movie is pure joy, gut-busting and delightful.
While the saga continues to give good returns, the Hotel Transylvania series, like Dracula, somehow resists death. [Full Review in Spanish]
A few observational gags deliver, but all the doll-humping and chicken-slaughtering will haunt you for days.
Wain gets some mileage out of his humorous stars.... But eventually the sound of little Thompson spouting obscenities loses its magic.
modern kids won't get any of the World War II references, and to be honest, the rest of the adventure is mediocre at best.
Mothers and sons deserve an amiable comedy they can share, but this one is faulty long before the requisite freeway breakdown.
Someplace, somewhere, Jonathan Swift is hanging his head in shame.
Instead of sticking to its nugget of potentially inspired idiot satire ... Dude flies off on a tangent and gets way lost, dude.
The pairing of these two talents should never have been frittered away on such an inconsequential and lightweight conceit.
In which the animators ditch structural ambition in favor of straight-up action spoofery that's all freneticism and very little cleverness.
Hit By Lightning might have worked as black comedy, but Blitt clearly lacks any instinct for genuine darkness.
This is a fun film.
Aardman continues its tradition of excellence in comedic animation with this charmingly well-woven caper.
Like a pair of seasoned jazz pros turning a bland ditty into something at least mildly diverting, Bates and Thornton are able to exit this mess with most of their dignity intact. The same cannot be said for the creative team behind it.
It isn't great movie-making, but it is a cheeky good time -- even if you've never wondered what Opie's pa would look like after a jolt of Viagra.
The film crams in jokes long past the point of relevance and often to outright distraction, if not annoyance.
...not nearly enough of the film finds the proper balance between slapstick and sap.
Sparkle may not be an obvious bobby dazzler but seek it out and you'll be rewarded with a real gem.
Forget the MIB of old, Men in Black: International is soulless, hollow and depressingly uninteresting.
Stupid, meandering, generally unfunny attempt.
Was this the first movie in motion picture history to bypass the 'executive screenings'?
New Year's Eve feels like a film made by an entire cast and crew that has never actually celebrated New Year's Eve.
The pseudo-sequel to 2008's overachieving Forgetting Sarah Marshall plays upside-down musical chairs with d--k jokes and innuendo until the only place to sit is on its own thumb. And then the bottom drops out.
This is filmmaking as puff pastry: Some viewers will want to lick up every sweet little crumb and others will find it cloying and twee.
Mac comes close to single-handedly saving 'Guess Who' from its own clichés.
It's rather sad that the only laughs to come from this comedy are when its dramatic moments fail so much.
I have a feeling Muniz could have done much more with this role under the right director and with a better script.
a stiff would-be comedy filled with talented stars and very few laughs.
The oddest thing of all is that, despite this bizarre mix of chefs, Fever Pitch actually works.
This is Renee's film to make or break and she is looking forward to at least one nomination next year
As with Knoxville's surprisingly likable Bad Grandpa, this movie is appealing and often funny, in a reckless, naughty way.
[While ParaNorman] takes stop-motion animation to an entirely new level...on [the] surface [it's] a beautiful piece of work that's [actually] rotten at its core.
It tries so hard to capture the magic of films like Love Actually but just stumbles.
By the 60-minute mark this critic was becoming bored and wishing the ironic stuff gone.
Even though Sky High is aimed at kids, everyone else should see it.
Again, it's no great shakes as a film. But it is a pleasant-enough diversion, and at the moment that's just enough.
... even if Talladega Nights occasionally undercuts its satiric comments by genuinely celebrating the race sequences, this cultural phenomenon receives a scathingly funny treatment.
It didn't stink, but the humor just didn't work for me.
Memories of this bawdy but ultimately cheesy comedy will be as stale as Thanksgiving leftovers before the Macy's parade starts.
A movie that might make your face hurt with laughter and has its heart in a high-enough place while its mind is in the gutter.
Does romantic comedy have to come off as sugared stupidity? It does here.
The sharp wit, soft-focus cinematography and slow-motion lyricism lift it into the realm of this summer's nicest surprises.
...an unapologetically by-the-book romantic comedy containing many of the conventions one expects from the genre...
The animation? Superb, stunning, gorgeous, Pixar-quality, fantastic, wow, man...I myself am totally surprised at how much I laughed - both times I saw it!
With a cast that reads like the Vogue Oscar party guest list, Valentine's Day should have been can't-miss cinema instead of standard Hollywood schmaltz.
No excuse can be found for wasting celluloid on this trying and tiring feature. If any movie needed to be taken for a one-way ride to the swamps of New Jersey and buried, it is Analyze That.
As mildly amusing as it can be in places, it still won't convince non-fans that Gervais can play anything other than the fool.
Spenser Confidential somehow finds a way to bridge the gap between Boston mobster movies with the buddy-cop action-comedy genre.
It doesn't take much imagination to poke fun at the pitiful special effects, goofy '50s he-man behavior and unintentionally hilarious script, but the silliness of the entire concept eventually wears down your defenses.
You could do worse in Hollywood's dumping ground.
Beyond all the pop culture references, dumb behavior and the easily distracted "A Christmas Carol" plotline, the movie doesn't offer much to get audiences invested. You will only notice this deficiency when you're not laughing.
A gleefully vulgar and very funny spoof of the Pixar formula.
No, not physically, but comedically, for that shining streaming comet of laugh-inducing thunder who shaped the modern face of movie comedy in the 1980's and '90's lives no more.
She Done Him Wrong is the stuff of legend.
Takes women's hostility out of the realm of the passive-aggressive and gives it free comedic rein physically in a way that is hilarious, disturbing, and pointed.
The real stand-out is D'Onofrio as Edgar, the cockroach on crack wearing a human skin, doing a splendid, hilarious job of auditioning for Evil Dead 4.
Accepted is trying to be a new species of Animal House, but at least that 1978 comedy had no pretensions of being more than a boisterous spoof of college life.
It's consistent with the duller examples of Hollywood's animated output.
While it is very, very far from being the worst or most insipid thing Disney has down with these characters, it puts up a good fight to be the most dull.
A movie that clearly is the B-level of animated fare, including B-level animation, B-level stars providing voices, B-level stories and B-level dialogue.
True movie fans haven't lived until they've caught its nonstop barrage of classic bits.
Works like 'Sonic the Hedgehog' represent great advances in a cause that already seemed to be lost. [Full Review in Spanish]
Neighbors, the latest of several movies to use that same title, attempts, yet again, to cash in on culture-clash of ordinary folks vs. wild folks.
That convention-flouting title misleads: this winsome affair lags lamentably close to the modern romcom average.
The jokes and characters are archetypes of America's most ridiculous era, which makes Shampoo serve better as a historical record than a timeless comedy.
Situations, dialogues, action scenes and persecutions are carried to the extreme to a point where they're excessive and supplant the narrative or character development, which also secrete exaggeration. [Full review in Spanish]
It's at its best when it's creating breakneck action sequences out of a classic children's' chase game.
Killer Joe's scenes are long and dialogue is of a high quality; by turns funny and absurd, yet also desperately sad.
Pixar's movies may be completely digital, but each one beats with a human heart.
A heady mix of fact and fiction, live action and animation, it's an enthralling collage that toys with the fluidity of narrative, experimenting with myriad emotions and ideas.
All in all, Men in Black 3 is an average Hollywood blockbuster that will just about hold your interest and keep you entertained on a rainy weekend.
In a year where we have a superhero movie every other month, here's someone to point out the sillier aspects of the superhero craze.
Starts off with a mildly humorous tone and then unexpectedly ramps up to a full-blown gut buster.
A mixed bag.
Blockers is quite the surprise. [Full Review in Spanish]
Doesn't have the originality of the first film and feels a little boring as such.
The relative lack of coarseness and snark may come as a surprising relief, even to 21st-century audiences.
Roll with the fantasy, and it's possible to enjoy yourself -- modestly.
An awe-inspiring, stomach-churning journey into blood, gore, and boobs directed by one of France's most talented horror auteurs, Alexandre Aja.
Another Hugh Grant comedy that follows the dots without much wit ...
Eddie Murphy's latest movie is not worth paying to see. Gee, imagine that?
There's some flavor, but it tastes more like cola-scented water than actual Coke.
An uneasy cross between rival studio Pixar's Finding Nemo and DreamWorks' own Shrek franchise.
Bill & Ted Face the Music offers the kind of wholesome, wide-eyed comedy that we desperately need now more than ever.
An overly ambitious special-effects comedy obviously influenced by the success of Ghostbusters.
There's one hell of a drinking game to be made for every utterance of title word.
Powerful, emotional, funny, smart and empowering, Eighth Grade scores a perfect A.
A lazy, paceless lump of special effects and zero laughs
Is it destiny that binds the leads together or the pesky script? [Full Review in Spanish]
Unless you've seen every awful horror flick of the past five years, you won't even get the jokes. A comedic dead zone.
Wanderlust may fail as satire, but its absurdist slant and eye for detail sustain it through its cruder passages.
Can you stand one more quirky, low-budget independent movie about a high school castaway? If it's from Azazel Jacobs, maybe you should.
Richard Linklater mixes comedy, drama and documentary to tell a frankly outrageous true story, and in the process he also gives Jack Black one of his best-yet roles.
Paddington 2 is the perfect tonic for these troubled times. Anyone who disagrees should be fixed with a Very Hard Stare.
Hugely "meh".
The tone of "Hail, Caesar!" is even and assured, yet the comic inspiration is sporadic. Something's missing; the momentum sputters ...
Prehistory's first blended herd begins a new adventure some tens of thousands of years after joining forces in the face of a global deep freeze (no, the math doesn't work, so stop worrying about it).
There is something offensive about using an unloved and rebellious child as the butt of bad jokes in this way.
Fun, harmless sequel to the Disney classic.
The true charm of these characters comes from their exuberantly animated personalities - not a prettied-up Disney-fied exterior.
Frozen 2 will satisfy fans of the original as it offers big laughs and even bigger songs, and if it doesn't quite match the original, it comes very, very close.
I liked its gently comic take on humanity. It has a sense of wonder and a conviction that, by and large, people are good, both of which give it the old-fashioned feel of the kind of book that used to become a children's classic.
Is it great? No. But it's a good movie for the whole family to lighten up a bit.
Myers and Roach are running dangerously close to empty as far as new and genuinely funny ideas, and they would be best off quitting before they fall any farther behind.
British comedy that is actually funny. Not only that, but it's clever, funny, anarchic, funny and refreshing. And it's funny too.
Time for Shrek to stay far, far away.
GHOSTBUSTERS is a movie that I've seen well over a hundred times and I'm still not sick of it, nor do I think I ever will. It's an iconic comedy that I think has held up very well over the past 30 years.
None of this makes much sense - except for the clear message that Europe is more fun if you're rich - but it doesn't really need to.
The relentless poor thinking behind this project almost plays like an intentional joke.
It is with genuine sadness to report that Paris Can Wait is a snore.
Richly dark and inventive horror film.
A hilarious and touching romantic comedy that qualifies as one of best films of 2017.
The House isn't built on the strongest foundation but, for most of its 88 minutes, its terrific cast helps gloss over some of the glaring fissures.
It is not surprising this film is written and directed by men because the complexities of the female experience in business as presented are so reductive and cringe-worthy
New Year's Eve is like Woody Allen lite for the masses ( ... ) by never threatening to copy the smut of 50/50 or Bridesmaids, it's a memory-stirring, warm-hearted breath of fresh air. Even at 117 minutes.
For the Farrellys, The Three Stooges is a labor of love. For non-believers, it's merely a labor.
What's been achieved here is still highly hilarious. The original concepts are that solid.
A period piece that may play well with those who hate period pieces. [Blu-ray]
The downfall of "Hangover III" is that nothing that happens is particularly surprising or funny.
Unfunny dark comedy leans on cursing, molestation jokes.
Spawning a cute little tyke will improve your career, better your relationships, clear up acne, and get you invited to cool parties.
Oh, Brothers, this is one of the worst movies of 2008.
Viewers under the age of 10 will have few quibbles with this perpetually pleasant, animated adventure about the cross-China odyssey of a troubled tomboy and her pet yeti.
[Features] inane jokes and over-the-top, unfunny slapstick.
There's more to the film than just making light of Shakespeare's early career.
Donnie Darko ranks among Gattaca, Pi and Dark City for pure imagination -- and surpasses them for astonishing execution.
It may not be what everyone expects from a sequel to The Lego Movie, but in some ways that's the best thing about The Lego Movie 2. It presents something different, wrapped in a familiar outer core.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy does prove there's nothing more painful than antic comedy that isn't really funny.
"Baywatch's" tired and retreaded plot line and lack of tonal focus makes this R-rated TV adaptation a total beach to sit through.
You've got to take the rough with the smooth, and there's a lot of smooth here.
How do you review a movie like this, anyway? I guess by saying whether you laughed or not. I did laugh, but not enough to recommend the film.
Long shots lose a lot more often than they pay out, and Levine's film is no exception.
In a world where film arguably celebrates youth more often than middle-aged people in Hollywood, it's refreshing to see the opposite artfully done with one step on the dance floor at a time.
It's not high-brow science fiction, and I'm okay with that.
Aside from the first 15 minutes and the last five or so, the film just isn't very funny.
Wild Wild West is a comedy dead zone. You stare in disbelief as scenes flop and die. The movie is all concept and no content; the elaborate special effects are like watching money burn on the screen.
Caf Society is Woody Allen at his most sleepy and sensual, beautiful to behold and easy to forget.
Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability, but little more.
Fear Inc. wastes a devious idea on a slew of reveals that bring momentum to a crushing halt.
It's highly refreshing to see that the toys are ensconced in their rightful, traditional, existential capacity of enhancing children's imaginations. Nary a cellphone in sight.
"Mental" wildly overplays the kookiness and quirk.
Apart from Williams' presence, director Christopher Erskin's feature debut isn't worth the price of submission.
Almost certainly a teen classic in the making.
[The film is] rendered in a witless, banal environment that makes the whole thing pointless as it creeps to its oddly conformist conclusions.
a funny movie, but a movie without many memorable moments and it suffers from a great deal of predictability.
For those tuned to Brooks' comedic frequency, it's funny, a self-referential plunge into the filmmaker's deconstructionist sensibility.
Comparatively, a movie about a hotel for hogs, logs or frogs might have had a chance.
The Last Word is a love letter to [MacLaine], but respect would have helped the movie more. She doesn't need the applause - her sharpness, skill and timing are obviously intact.
Then there's the ending, which is touching but deserves to be in a far better film, preferably one that understands how to reach its point in a coherent manner that doesn't abandon side stories and is aware of how to mix polar opposite tones
What the filmmakers missed in assuming the mask from the earlier film is that it was Carrey's astonishing physical comedy that made that film a hit, not the animation.
Dubious, unfunny, protracted wish-fulfilment. Quite, quite awful.
a fun family adventure worthy of the Disney pedigree it boasts
The film coasts along smoothly on the charisma of its stars, and if Keaton and Nicholson aren't the hottest screen couple of the year they may be the most convincing.
Explores some playful male adolescent fantasies.
...couldn't get a laugh from a hyena.
Has a move ever been so aptly named?
Richard Curtis used to make this sort of thing look easy, but a good script is everything. Without one, it all falls embarrassingly flat.
Meow, there are laughs to be had here and there throughout Super Troopers 2, but unless you're really riding the Highway Patrol's wave of manic police work, miss this stale revival and stick to the original.
Remains a groundbreaking work in the field of animation, and is still a wonderfully entertaining film.
[A] Saturday morning cartoon stretched out to feature length, for better and for worse.
Following someone around for a while isn't always interesting,
Hart's shtick gets tired quickly, and Cube only has one note to play as the humorless straight man.
The good, clean fun of watching a terrible movie that isn't ashamed of being terrible.
One of the most entertaining movies of the year so far.
The emphasis is not so much on laughs, but on exploring familial relationships. It achieves some degree of success on both those counts, but the degree wasn't quite high enough for my taste.
The writer-director-star still hasn't learned to smoothly blend broad comedy and family-values sermonizing.
Poignant fantasy that faithfully depicts Mexican culture and celebrates the Hispanic customs and folklore of Dia de los Muertos - while strumming the heartstrings.
There is a lot of plot in Henry's Crime, although there's nothing you couldn't second-guess and while Farmiga is delightful and Caan a joy the end result is unremarkable.
Like McQueen, "Cars 3" surprises with some race maneuvers it hasn't needed to use before and shows that there's plenty of heart left under the hood at Pixar, sequel or no.
So the only real argument I can make for Eagle vs. Shark, a stupid-absurdist comedy from New Zealand, is that I laughed a lot, often despite myself, and that while I might not be able to wholly justify it, I can mount a questionable defense.
...Albert's jolly `Hey! Hey! Hey!' sounds suspiciously like a carnival barker's call.
Think "Home Alone" meets "Straw Dogs" -- with a crazed Nicolas Cage thrown in -- and you've got an idea of the lunacy in store.
A misguided sequel that seems meandering and carelessly thrown together with no attention paid to its mixed messaging and detrimental alteration in location. "Rio 2" takes a property that was already on the mediocre side and cuts it at the knees.
Though occasionally producing a minor chuckle, Dudley Do-Right is mainly characterized by good artists making bad choices.
There's always the underlying feeling that what you're seeing is eerily familiar.
You cannot talk yourself into passion, nor can you talk yourself out of it. The naive characters in Emmanuel Mouret's chatty romance try anyway.
Unlike many of Hollywood's other recent action movies, McG seems to know how to handle his. He gives us a sense of clarity and speed, and only uses CGI at the edges of the frame instead of dead center where it gives itself away (see The Hulk).
It's just not quite funny enough to justify its length. Something is just off.
One can only hope that something good is coming from all the bad movies that Steve Martin has been appearing in.
The route the filmmakers take might be familiar, but after gunning it, they take the corners like pros.
There aren't many superhero movies that exploit the liberating effects of the hard-R rating. But to me, the mock opening credits are the only detail that is fresh - sophomoric, but fresh.
The Hangover Part II feels like the fifth or sixth installment in the franchise. It's that out of fresh ideas.
Not quite the comedic animated masterpiece, rather a cute quaint film that drags a bit at the second act, but offers up an unexpectedly warm plate of climax in the wind up.
A passable afternoon's entertainment this film brings, Though somewhere Shakespeare is banging his head.
Sony really stuck to the adage "bigger is better," and in the case of the Men in Black franchise, nothing could be further from the truth.
If you're a fan of the original 21 Jump Street, prepare to have your memories desecrated. Everyone else, strap yourself in for some dumb explosive fun.
More than a technological wonder, Who Framed Roger Rabbit? is brilliantly funny, bracingly smart and surprisingly moving.
Neither the sci-fi nor the comedy are strong enough to sustain the movie.
Listless, formless stuff that never survives some serious miscasting.
The Goods is not without its share of laughs. But the laughs come with contempt and condescension, not empathy.
Puccini for Beginners is littered with witty dialogue, although some of it is so obviously scripted that it can become off-putting.
The Disaster Artist is a love letter to The Room. The painstaking recreations of certain shots are fascinating to watch. Be sure to stay through the credits.
I liked this movie better when it was called The Seven-Year Itch.
I would like to take this occasion to lodge a complaint. There is no valid reason, none in the observable universe, why mainstream romantic comedies must adhere to the same script.
The jewel in Wes Anderson's crown!
This is one of those rare occasions where the sequel is better than the original - but only by a whisker.
As witty, as fast-paced and as funny as the better comedies of Hollywood's screwball era.
The movie is hilarious in fits and starts, but nothing is sustained and every joke, funny or not, is delivered with the dial up to 11.
It's not as engaging as the original, but a nice step up from the disappointing third installment.
If The Good Dinosaur falls short in the narrative department, it represents a step forward for Pixar's artists.
The repetitious script -- cobbled together by no fewer than five writers -- shows interest in nothing beyond action-centered plot gimmicks and tame romantic shenanigans.
An absolutely wonderful animated screen version of a Newbery award-winning children's book about courage, love, light, and forgiveness.
Irreverent, loopy, and entertaining.
Features one of the most endearing and believable characters to grace the screen this year.
A charmless idiot, a clumsy rip-off of Jackass and one more tiresome exercise in arrested adolescence -- add them up and you have Hot Rod.
There's an insecurity to Ralph, accentuated by the fact Vanellope doesn't need Ralph's help anymore. The way they visualize that with a massive metaphor is both brilliant and heartbreaking.
It's the first R-rated, woman-directed comedy in years, but here's the rub: The funniest thing about it is the men.
A small-scale, deadpan film.
Whether or not Baena does right by Boccaccio, he definitely does right by Aubrey Plaza, his girlfriend and indie comedy's reigning queen of mean.
Charlie's Angels manages to fulfill the middle-school-age fantasies of both boys and girls and to make it clear that it does not take itself too seriously.
Who'd have thought that two sequels in, the hair-cutting set-up would still be fun?
Brooks jumped the shark with Spaceballs
There isn't the same labored yet quotable wit ... that you'll find in some of the scripted satires, but part of the fun of improvisation is its spontaneous lack of polish.
Potentially the most fun movie to come out this year -- a kinetic epic that both stands for and gently lampoons the generation it came from. Superheroes should be so lucky to get this treatment.
unlikely to put Susan Seidelman back in the front ranks of Hollywood, even though it is an enjoyable, albeit highly derivative, comedy that dares to put "women of a certain age" front and center.
Led by solid performances, Egg offers a lot of commentary thanks to a smartly-written screenplay.
A very funny Michelle Williams steals the movie from the lead. [Full Review in Spanish]
Funny, warm and relaxingly good-natured, the kind of movie that invites us to check personal woes at the door.
...ends up tedious and redundant.
A comedy turned into an action film whose main attraction is to be inspired by a real story. [Full Review in Spanish]
This lackluster production fails to generate much in the way of tension and less in the way of merriment.
THE DEAD DON'T DIE will find its place among fans of Jarmusch's work and those who are looking for an offbeat take on a subgenre that could easily use a fresh facelift
Incest is not the sturdiest foundation on which to build a romantic comedy.
Jack Black is worth the price of admission alone... and then some.
This movie thrives on its intended level of Scream-style horror comedy, blazes through its running time and had me laughing throughout.
Director Brian Robbins stages scenes that are more awkward than funny, and the animal effects are bargain-basement.
It's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer, squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain.
Harmless enough to a point... but the idea that girls should aspire to little more than acquiring a boyfriend, a home or a brand-new pair of Blahniks will be desperately depressing for any parents dragged along.
Always Be My Maybe isn't entirely original and at times settles for a few easy tropes, but Park and Wong are a charming pair on screen and have written a script that is funny and culturally noteworthy.
Summing up Duck Season is a simple enough affair, but hardly does justice to this ironic, carefully crafted comedy, the latest indication that Mexican cinema is going through one of its spasmodic periods of renaissance.
Pirates is just what audiences have come to expect from Aardman: smart, adventure-driven comedy with all-ages appeal and an affinity for clever sight gags.
'My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2' is sadly a slimmed-down sequel.
Appealing in spite of itself.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is essentially a solid Lonely Island sketch over-stretched to fill a feature-length running time.
A smart, sweet and playful romantic comedy.
Clever, certainly; ingenious, occasionally; enjoyable - hardly ever.
This somewhat cheesy crowd-pleaser offers a great deal of neurotic gossip addressed with annoying pomposity and superfluous multi-cultural fashion.
[Has] several crazy sequences and plenty of hilarious, scattershot jokes.
An uneven yet passable horror comedy...
I liked it - but I can see why some won't.
Omigod, the high school film is not dead. Text it high and text it low, for it has risen from the ashes with this clever, thoughtful and funny parable.
A deadly combination of bloated, stagnant, self-indulgent and self-pitying - all of which might be forgivable, if it weren't also so embarrassingly unfunny.
Even with Russell on board to see his 'madCapra' farce all the way to release day, its whole raison d'tre - as a political knockabout satire - would still have made the film dead on arrival at the box office. What happened? Barack Obama, that's what.
"Hey, look who's here," the film says excitedly as Rudd and Fey routinely attempt to make a stale screenplay humorous, "Why aren't you laughing at them?"
For a film like this, casting is everything, and the players are quite appealing.
"glossy fluff, impeccably cast and performed"
This is Schumer's film though, a star-making turn that carves out a distinct niche from her contemporaries, male or female.
The combination of Sarandon and Hawn, playing women who are honestly and obviously middle-aged and willing to ponder their pasts with clear eyes, keeps The Banger Sisters afloat.
I loved, loved, loved Up. I cannot praise it enough.
Mr. Bean's Holiday is a film stuck in the wrong century, more akin to classic silent comedy than modern humor and Bean himself is a clown caught without his make-up, psychedelically colored pants and bright red nose.
Too often the movie defies description as a comedy.
Underneath the raunchy humor (and obvious cribbing from Rob Reiner's The Sure Thing) there's a sweetness to Ian's friendship with Felicia.
A cynical attempt to cash in on the popularity of Warner Bros. cartoon characters and basketball player Michael Jordan, inspired by a Nike commercial.
A more slapdash affair than its predecessor, but writer-director Todd Stephens has retained enough sunshine, sweetness, and bravely go-for-broke showmanship to keep things moving at an amiable pace.
I hated it with every fiber of my being.
Fluffed satirical targets, a shortfall of required rom-com charm, cheap gags and a thoroughly unpleasant 'hero' situate How To Lose Friends several floors below the desired Apartment-esque heights.
Ant-Man does some things very well, like letting Paul Rudd inhabit a comic-book character in precisely the same way Iron Man put a goatee on Robert Downey Jr. and called him Tony Stark.
Not only one of the funniest movies of all time, filled with staggering stunts, amazing sight gags, and mind-boggling cinematic tricks, but it's also a brilliant meditation on the nature of the film medium itself, perhaps the best ever made.
A low-down, no-darn-good movie. But terribly fascinating anyway, if more in theory than actuality.
Here's how professor-level particle physics filters down to the general public: via "Ant-Man." Much more fun this way. Definitely worth the price of a movie ticket.
Truly enjoyable British romantic-comedies come along so rarely (Four Weddings and a Funeral was more than 20 years ago) that there's cause to celebrate this smart, likeable romp.
For those who need proof that the National Lampoon brand of humor ain't what it used to be, National Lampoon's Gold Diggers does more than illustrates how far the mighty have fallen.
The movie is funny, yes, but not really funny enough.
Religulous will offend you, make you laugh extremely hard and then scare the living hell out of you. No pun intended.
Conceptually, it's rather ingenious, with well-aimed barbs at abusive commenter culture and social-media narcissism that adds up to a welcome moral for small fry...
There are a lot of funny scenes in this film, although about halfway through it seems to drag a little bit.
Powered by a standout concept delivered upon in winning fashion, this fun film serves as the most natural and effortlessly readymade animated feature for future franchise exploration since Shrek.
...your typical screwball comedy...
This is about the most uneven movie of the year.
It's darkly hilarious, smoothly entertaining, and almost sinfully cruel. And the finalé packs a real stinger.
Talladega Nights is so sub-moronic and witless it makes Stroker Ace look like a sublime exercise in sophisticated comedy.
With so much controversy clouding just about everything with this rather sophomoric comedy, it may be easy to overlook the nuts it took to make it in the first place.
Great to see Walter Hill shifting genres. Pryor is a standout.
a big heap of fun
The film was clearly conceived and written by men who have no interest in approaching female friendships with any degree of complexity, curiosity, or respect.
Please, please don't see it. Value your time more than I did.
Taraji P.Henson is entertaining but is better than this material. The breakout star though is Erykah Badu.
Paul Blart: Mall Cop is like the many variations on tuna surprise that show up at potlucks: generic but with a little something added to differentiate it.
This feels like the world's longest pregnancy or comedy, with a running time of 129 minutes. Knocked Up is like a helium balloon with a slow leak that quits hugging the ceiling and starts sliding down the wall the longer it goes.
A charming film, nicely animated and containing sufficient laughs to be worth taking your family to see.
Harold Ramis' aptly titled The Ice Harvest has the cynicism in spades, but stylistic savoire faire has been replaced by take-no-prisoners boorishness.
ideal Sunday afternoon entertainment
Rudd can play the innocent as well as the snarky cynic, and that serves him wonderfully here.
This is the kind of movie that is a balancing act, really.
This live-action film has a chance of keeping children briefly entertained with its skilfully engineered set pieces, but it's trite and sugary, and Jim Carrey can't redeem it.
So infectiously bubbly overall that it's difficult to carp about voice talent and uneven pacing.
Brad Pitt pushes the role of a rogue general too far into caricature and defangs the film by forgetting that world leaders and policy wonks don't mean a thing if they're not flesh and blood.
The movie is watchable, there's the occasional good one-liner, but it's extremely slight, overly drawn out and never for a moment believable.
Mihaileanu keeps this French production flowing buoyantly, skittering past all manner of improbabilities.
Haute-cuisine comedy doesn't deliver on food or laughs.
An amusingly meta B-movie send-up that manages to offer an entertaining riff on the zombie comedy, even if it doesn't particularly contribute anything ground-breaking to it.
Paul proves that these children of science fiction have bloomed into a rotten bunch indeed.
Good cast, good acting, good script, ridiculous premise, good music (if you like rock) equals entertaining movie.
Works as a black comedy, but is out of tune when playing the heart strings.
Can be extremely witty and funny at times
The computerised animation is cut-rate; the script keeps piling on clunker jokes that even toddlers will find lame; and Prinze proves he isn't any better an actor in two dimensions than he is in three.
The film will make you long for the nuance of Bachelor Party
Witherspoon produces and stars in this lazy, meandering, lowbrow comedy, leaning on gags about her flat ass and co-star Sofia Vergara's massive boobs. Such impotent humour is a real letdown considering the female talent in front of and behind the camera.
Though uneven and less witty than the first two, Toy Story 3 delivers quite enough in two dimensions.
A good-natured, easy-to-take goof.
As stupid as it sounds but in these tense political times, a little stupid goes a long way.
[T]his is an Asian version of that comedy staple, the snobs versus slobs comedy... [It's] good, goofy fun that will leave audiences smiling.
When the end arrives at the 89-minute mark the immediate reaction is that it was too slight by a half and a lot safer than expected.
From first frame to last the effects are flawlessly detailed and the design fabulously executed.
I can't say Meyers completely won me over, the blatant superficially of most of this rubbing me the wrong way.
Grant and Hepburn compose a dazzlingly energetic couple, playing off each other's polar-opposite personalities with impressive cinematic flair.
Although Driver is one of the hottest young actors in Hollywood, his character is so overbearing, he sandbags the whole movie.
It's supposed to be funny, but you'd have an easier time reading a zombie's pulse than you would finding a single good laugh ...
This should be a better movie than it is. As it stands, though, it's merely - sorry - unappetizing.
Cute Tom Hanks comedy that reminds us that it sometimes takes a kid to see the world clearly.
Though darker and in many ways more cavalier than either of its predecessors, the third time is most certainly an ambitious, uproarious, insane, bromantic charm.
This movie is so bad that I feel awful taking up Rotten Tomatoes' space with this quote. I will stop now. What a waste of great talent!
As a stand-up, Rock has always pushed boundaries so it's surprising to find this is such a sweet movie which could have really done with more comedic bite. There are plenty of chuckles, but you'll struggle to find a Top Five belly laugh here.
An amateur-hour ordeal.
A premise worthy of Richard Matheson, without his depth... [Full Review in Spanish]
Works reasonably well. Good for a few yuks. They're still a likable bunch.
..."stupid" is a mean word. So I'm not going to use it to describe this smug, cynical, hackneyed pretext for product placement ...
A popcorn comedy you shouldn't be ashamed of wanting to see.
Yet another slam on an amoral Fundamentalist preacher.
... continues not only the tale of (the Sparrow and Barbossa) rivalry but also why (and how well) they ever worked together to begin with.
The movie ditches clever for crass: Mo'nique and Mike Epps, as opportunistic cousin Reggie, provide most of the downhome and dirty entendres. Less 'nique would have fixed much of what ails this movie.
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist made me want to be a gay teenage boy. That's a first for me, and I watch a lot of Bravo.
Moment to moment, you believe what's happening in Robespierre's film, which is funny and rueful in roughly equal measure without being despairing in the slightest.
...a hilarious, clever, original, and absolutely joyful movie that manages to reboot the franchise without losing what made it a special in the first place.
...after a while, the whole thing just becomes tiresome.
One must grudgingly admit that the movie knows exactly what it wants to be ... It's just that it's a bland, anonymous, and crude state of being.
Spies in Disguise shines on its own. [Full Review in Spanish]
Not to say that "Planes" is worthwhile or even particularly defensible. It's not. But it's not nearly as much a nonsensical cynical cashgrab as "Cars 2″ was.
'The Intern' is more than the sitcom it appears to be from the trailers.
Yogi Bear is unbearable. There, I said it.
What's in the foreground is Kevin Hart's boyish desires and Ice Cube's gruff response. They're the Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers of bickering.
By no means is this one of Smith's better performances, but he's such a likeable, self-effacing (not to mention good looking) performer it's not exactly difficult to watch him work.
Waste is a terrible thing to mind -- unless you are port-a-potty installer Kenny Smyth, the unlikely hero of a hilarious and fresh (figuratively speaking, of course) comedy from Down Under.
The best part of Scary Movie 5 -- not counting the part when it's over -- comes near the beginning.
Cruel, spineless, virtually laughter-free and, above all, dull. Even putting the plot to paper makes my head ache.
Be warned: there are no superheroes in this first Pixar effort since The Incredibles. Instead, there is a funny, visually stunning, and genuinely superheroic effort to pay homage to friendship and the delights to be found along a forgotten highway.
It's a good thing this movie exists, even if it's not quite up to snuff.
... little humour and an almost painful vacuousness.
If you're willing to veer away from your more traditional romantic comedies, this is worth watching.
Steve Carell and Keira Knightley make for one of the most unlikely and yet one of the most touching romantic couples of the year.
Like Going's award-winning book, the film is frank and doesn't sugarcoat the source material.
A struggle
...plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes, playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments.
This is truly a lumpy stew of after-school special, classic French comedy and Stooge slapstick.
The laughs are so far apart and offer so few comic calories that it might be time to stick a fork in the franchise.
Ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier.
This was a close shave, but it just didn't cut it for me.
Gerwig, beyond a doubt, is immeasurably appealing, and Frances Ha is tailor-made to showcase her gifts better than anything she's ever been in.
I didn't know that in the 1950's, high schools were populated by 30 year olds who constantly broke into nails-on-a-blackboard musical numbers.
"Doesn't always go the distance...but it's solid, effective, and never violates the MPAA ratings criteria for a PG rating. And after all, isn't that what's most important?"
You could think of The Producers as a way to see most of the Broadway cast for 1/12 the price of a Broadway ticket. Or you could think of it as a bad idea at any price.
Cars 3 may be an improvement and less of a bummer than its predecessors but if this turned out to be the final of the franchise (and I doubt that will be the case), I would not exactly weep over the prospect of never being able to see a Cars 4.
Who ya gonna call? These guys, actually!
Vaughn overcompensates with wild expressions as the film shifts from occasionally funny to smutty to sentimental.
While not for the faint of heart, Aqua Teen Hunger Force is perfectly suited for the seriously twisted followers--and new recruits--of the Cartoon Network show.
Ladybugs, which generally unfolds exactly as one might've anticipated, doesn't contain much in the way of compelling attributes aside from Dangerfield's mere presence...
When you hear the premise, it sounds like a joke, like Attack of the Killer Tomatoes or something. Then you actually see the film and realize how well-made and clever it is, and a sense of pleasure sweeps over you.
The LEGO Ninjago Movie isn't quite as joke-packed as its predecessors, although it offers plenty of laughs nonetheless.
It's hard to find new ways to bring the coming-of-age story to life because it's a formula we have seen time-and-time again, but the charming "How to Build a Girl" certainly tries to make it fresh.
Thinks it's edgy and transgressive, the punk little brother of all those other stodgy comic-book movies, but it isn't. It's just slightly more candy-colored.
This is a very funny film, one of the best of the year.
Is it possible for a film starring Willis, Freeman, Malkovich and Mirren to be bad? Maybe, but put machine guns and grenade launchers in theirs hands and you're home free.
One mostly wants to credit I Feel Pretty for what it doesn't do wrong.
A terrific grown-up romp, delivered with the slightest edginess by director Martin Brest.
For as much as it looks the part, Mid90s never feels real - because its characters just don't seem to feel much of anything at all.
There is a gentleness and simplicity to the adventure-seeking vibe of Playmobil: The Movie that will work particularly well for very young audiences.
By the book buddy-buddy movie. This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films.
Riley has someone say something to the effect that, as soon as people realize a problem has no solution, they adapt by getting used to it. That's haunting.
...pitiful, slapdash disaster. A DOA dud from frame one.
a series of high-decibel Chris Tucker improvisations alternating with a series of truncated Jackie Chan action moments.
Green isn't just the color of ogres. It also represents the cold hard cash studio execs can again expect to reap, no matter how often they repeat the same basic joke.
Delivering a santa's sack crammed with zingers, Speck and Gordon offer up a Christmas comedy that never flags and reveals the considerable potential of Miller, a comedian in the style of Blade of Glory's Jon Heder.
Great animated film with a taboo subject that's very well executed. Tears will eventually come. [Full review in Spanish].
The movie just doesn't work. It's all action and no character, all situation and no comedy.
[A] well-meaning but hopeless homage to Moe, Larry and Curly that even longtime Stooges fans won't find very funny.
It's easy to see the appeal, what with its loopy characters, its loopy plot, and its loopy dialogue -- it's just a shame there's not more lurking underneath all that surface quirk.
Whether it was supposed to or not, it still falls uncharacteristically flat.
It may not be armed, but it's dangerous alright.
Despite the talents of Greg Kinnear, Pierce Brosnan, Marisa Tomei, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Ciaran Hinds, Yul Vazquez and Jim Gaffigan, "Salvation Boulevard" is far less than the sum of its fine, character-actor parts.
Newcomers to the Mulaney effect - with its sharp writing and deceptively acerbic delivery - will be blown away as well. Highly recommended.
While "Frankenweenie" is fun, it is not nearly strange or original enough to join the undead, monstrous ranks of the classics it adores.
Deathgasm combines the visual flair of Edgar Wright's Scott Pilgrim vs. the World with the manic, gory energy of Sam Raimi's Evil Dead 2. In the horror-comedy pantheon, this movie most definitely rocks hard.
Unfortunately, the outrageousness lessens in the second half of the film, becoming your straight forward underdog movie.
Martin McDonagh's Seven Psychopaths is a sharp piece of fun that both pokes at the current climate of filmmaking while also adding its own brand of humor to the mix.
This is too easy, but I'm going to do it anyway: Bad Teacher? Bad movie.
Sean Anders' film begins bearably; becomes Hollywoodish; ends up as diabetes-grade comedy schmaltz.
Strands its cast and its franchise with a script that feels stale and cookie-cutter, underwhelming F/X, a messy, meandering plot and a shortage of the crisp, feisty zip and zing that made the original idea so much gosh-darn fun.
Those looking for a straight action-crime flick will be disappointed or horrified. Probably both.
...should have been a lot better.
Miller's characters are complete, singular people, and her take is thoroughly female. She subverts the genre, and wakes it up.
Surprisingly enjoyable, if not predictable.
Entertainment at its fluffiest but as a date movie with some genuine laughs, it works - just overlook the voyeuristic undertones and you'll have fun.
Disappointing effort that relies on slapstick and other cliches of the genre. And it goes on way too long.
A joyous, ramshackle celebration of sloppy filmmaking and cheapo production design.
This terrific vehicle for the perfectly mismatched comic stylings of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy isn't a hilarious girl-power trip. It's simply hilarious.
Solidly funny and blisteringly smart, this is not your average Date Movie.
Having shown a flair for fantasy with the evergreen Mary Poppins, director Robert Stevenson here demonstrates a sure slapstick touch.
True, it may be viewed as a fantasy for older, single women. Yet it's not cheap and superficial. It makes us laugh and think and feel.
The entire film works on just how much you are willing to accept its premise: if you're fine with people developing amazing powers, characters talking directly to the camera and almost every other trick in the cinematic book, then you'll do fine
Both uniquely absurd and painfully real.
Fast-paced, funny, filled with witty lines and yet suffused with a deep melancholy, Grandma provides Lily Tomlin with her best role in ages.
C-Note is essentially a one-note character. And that note is flat.
There's enough wrong with it -- the uneven pacing, haphazard storytelling, cartoon characters, repeating running gags until they're predictable and no longer funny, etc. -- that one is bound to wish the film had been better.
Director Brooks is too timid with his cast as if he is afraid to open up and take a few risks.
What makes Slither work is how nimbly it slaloms from yucks to yuks, slip-sliding from horror to comedy and back again on its gore-slicked foundation.
Pinpoints a creative community that's never been explored in a narrative film...its wistful, naturalistic presentation of a thirtysomething turning point-a forced maturation of sorts-rings true.
Thompson seems convinced that she's taking part in a critique of careless capitalism, as opposed to a hideous hybrid of The Pink Panther, Sex and the City and Terry and June.
Allen and David do stuff in Whatever Works that shouldn't work but does.
Remains as sharp and fresh and relevant as it was on the day of its initial release.
It takes the homoerotic energy bubbling under the surface of buddy action pictures and raises it into the sunlight, where it can flex its pecs and growl.
Daddy's Home 2 is as creatively bankrupt as the 2015 original.
Sweet Nativity story told from animals' perspective.
another cementing case of the gleaming star power of Feldstein's talent, who simply deserves the world.
There are plenty of jokes, but they're almost all stale, in bad taste, or simply not funny (usually all three).
The directors get so wrapped up in their underwritten characters and slipshod finale that you'll almost forget this is supposed to be a Christmas movie.
Goofy, enjoyable, and it might have been better if it didn't try to please everybody.
This feeble spoof of self-help spiritualism is atrocious and inanely tedious.
This fluffy cross-cultural experiment smacks of jumping on the Bollywood bandwagon with little insight into the genre it is trying to emulate or understanding of the country in which it's set.
The problem, however, is that the script by Matthew Newman doesn't do enough to make [Richard] either lovable or reprehensible.
Give me a nice Audrey Hepburn film any day.
Abides affectionately by all the tropes of the genre at hand in a way that is endearingly familiar, which kids are likely to resonate with - but that doesn't allude to success.
The DUFF brings something different to the genre.
There is a mole inside MIB, so M and H must race to uncover the traitor's identity while the audience tries to pretend it wasn't completely obvious about half an hour in.
Just like the world could always use a few more kind-hearted people looking to make a difference, we can definitely use more movies like Good Sam.
An energetic jaunt through ribald territory, centered on the theory that some guys just can't handle Vegas.
A reference-laden road trip/chase yukfest that doesn't quite capture that same Spaced magic but is eventually just so likable it is hard to knock its flaws too much.
Confronts the cultural emptiness of late 20th-century life head-on, revealing a profound hollowness in the heart of modern man (and babe).
The film is clearly wary of either being too saccharine or taking itself--or the notion of compulsive infidelity--too seriously, though its schadenfreude is unwavering.
It's hard to argue with the irresistible results, however formulaic, and even when the material is thin, Pugh is there to, literally and figuratively, do the heavy lifting.
Like 'Homeward Bound' and 'Incredible Journey,' it teaches tiny tots that - with friendship and love - you don't need superpowers to be a hero.
Be warned that there are some images which might alarm the under-tens. But everyone else should be richly entertained.
Has no appreciable arc for any of the characters and if it wasn't for the work of Jason Segel who appears to have shown up with his own script, this would have been an even more brutal affair.
Absolutely hilarious, in an unexpected way. A nearly perfect film.
Not funny at all, but, director Susanna Fogel has a legitimately great eye for action, so this could be something of a calling card for her directing a different kind of film.
Just a strident celebration of booger jokes.
Laughs galore in a bawdy bachelorette party gone from bad to worst!
It's the rare chick-geared movie that is predictable without being boring and touching without being cloying.
The Campaign attempts to simultaneously appeal to fans of both the highbrow and the low. In effect, running its own contest between the slapstick versus the sly. And wins ... half the time.
A wild and uniquely Japanese culinary fantasia, but it's also not particularly cohesive.
Keeping all of the strong personalities corralled while keeping sequel-itis to a minimum is a formidable achievement.
... A potentially puerile Disney movie turned into something we all can enjoy.
...it's just not as magical as you might have first thought.
This is a movie made for an audience that does not exist, at least in the land of North American multiplexes.
Le film ne génère absolument rien chez le spectateur, même pas l'amusement le + primaire.
Even when I didn't buy a word being said, I went with the flow. Why? Michael Shannon as Elvis and Kevin Spacey as Tricky Dick. Watching great actors swing for the fences is something special.
Seems to owe a debt to Napoleon Dynamite.
Adam Sandler plays a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon in Just Go With It, a fumbling comedy directed by Dennis Dugan that could have benefitted from surgical reconstruction. How about some liposuction to siphon off all those lame jokes?
If you've seen the trailer, you've seen only half the movie -- and all the jokes.
Gondry doesn't seriously push the visual envelope; all he's doing is assembling a souvenir, an almost great document of a party most of us missed.
A glib, drab, fatally unfunny study in mean-spirited mediocrity. Goes down about as easily as Benadryl spiked with tequila.
Real-world drama campers (and former drama campers) may just delight in this 'wacky' teenage soap opera, but the rest will be more likely to seek out the underside of a speeding truck to stop the madness once and for all.
A light, frothy romance with just enough blarney to charm the susceptible.
Sausage Party is like a Pixar movie that's gotten hopped up on crystal meth and Viagra.
At a time when so many American movies keep dialogue at a minimum so they can play better overseas, what a delight to listen to smart people whose conversation is like a kind of comic music.
Not to beat a dead woolly mammoth here or anything, but the Ice Age movies are all pretty much interchangeable.
Riffing on the likes of Single White Female and The King of Comedy, it's both a sly satire and a skin-crawling exploration of narcissism in the age of Instagram, with Plaza expertly negotiating a tricky role.
for anyone wondering where the well-made, expertly-acted comedy went to, Roscoe Jenkins is a "welcome" return for the cinematic form.
...(Lopez)shows a very real and vulnerable side, giving a genuine and full performance...
Given the themes explored, and the potential in the enchantment coming to an abrupt end - this picture should be more poignant and heartfelt than what transpires.
Not a side-splitter by any means, and certainly not worth more than the price of your every day video store rental.
...Top End Wedding is much, much more than just a fizzy, frolicking romantic comedy, though it's certainly that too.
It sounded like the dumbest movie of all time, but it's actually smart, subversive and packed with famous voices saying wonderfully unspeakable things. In fact, it's a banger.
...elevated by the charisma of the various actors and by the enjoyably tongue-in-cheek nature of Pegg and Frost's screenplay.
Blood-splattered and ultra-violent, it's amazingly awful and dopey in more ways than one.
The only really likable thing about this film is Culkin. He's an uncommonly natural child actor, but even he doesn't always survive the tiresome gags (the aftershave bit is funny once; three times is tedious).
Their 1970 meeting supposes some funny conversation, with Spacey doing a grand impersonation of our 37th President, and Shannon nicely personifying the many eccentricities of "The King."
Sound silly? It is. It's absolutely giddy with silliness, and that's what makes it so much fun for kids and adults.
There are great swaths of plot in Charlie Bartlett that seem unlikely. And yet, there's a likability to the character and a fair bit of thought to the premise and execution that make it one of the better teen movies in recent years.
Odd couple buddy picture with Rom-Com elements that work. Zhan gives one of his most hysterical performances to date. Lighthearted, watchable, and fun.
Each scene plays as its own isolated gag, unconnected to the story and only loosely founded on the broad sketches of these characters.
Welcome to the most conservative film of 2016 (so far)
A real missed opportunity.
Kurt Russell is the only thing that makes this movie tolerable - and just barely at that.
The denouement ... is actually quite charming and relatively hilarious, but the 90 minutes of buildup is a bit of a slog.
Amiable but predictable.
An unfussy, rambling crowd-pleaser that recalls elements of the filmmaker's past work ...
The scares aren't particularly scary, the lessons aren't particularly compelling, and the ultimate resolution takes far too long to arrive at a conclusion that's far too pat.
The purpose of this comedy is to serve as a showcase for Anna Faris, whose sunny disposition and solid comic timing make The House Bunny more enjoyable than it ought to be.
Barbershop is ennobled by its simplicity but it offers nothing daring or refreshing on the topic of race or civic relations.
This movie contains everything except Bridget Jones, actually.
The main draw is the hanging out and goofing around, something Smith does really, exceedingly well.
Adults will be hoping for more substance, but they won't get it as the skinny plot devotes all its time to frivolous play and increasingly tired slapstick humor.
While a title card at the beginning of the picture says the story is inspired by true events, it really should read, 'Inspired by another film.'
Director Tim Burton fashions a hilariously twisted form of the alien invasion movie by skewering every silly sci-fi flick that ever had a budget smaller than its brain.
More of the same but LOUDER AND BAGGIER.
Anderson is clearly a dog lover himself and his film is bound to appeal to anyone who shares his passion. All in all, the film is quite a treat.
A guy running around in a monster suit isn't enough to sustain a full-length horror flick...
The balancing act they manage in poking fun at evangelical culture ... while not blatantly mocking organized religion and, more importantly, people's faith, is impressive
This meaningful film keeps the laughs, giddy anxiousness and warm butterflies from the trailer and sustains it all through two full hours of a love story.
There's a good chance that children under 10 will find "Hotel Transylvania" entertaining, because it's as non-threatening as can be and the jokes are obvious. There's an equally good chance that everyone else will wander off . . .
Familiarity is the enemy of laughter, and this time the enemy has won: Horrible Bosses 2 is a textbook example of a lazy comedy sequel.
Audiences may be shocked when they discover that only about 40% of the running time involves scenes of talking animals. That 60% of PG-rated adult material does not qualify under the mold of 'a little something for the entire family.' Just mold itself.
Because director Rob Minkoff so clearly believes in the possibility of making Stuart come completely alive for an audience of both tots and their parents, this movie is full of the confident visual snap of the first film.
War Machine never feels like a mess, more an oddity; it might not say much that is new but it often says it in a way that hits home.
It's all silly as a Saturday cartoon show -- and twice as much fun.
There's a line in "Grind" where one of the guys says, "This is a revolving nightmare!" That's the feeling you'll get.
If it's not funny to you that a bunch of white passengers in polo shirts would say 'Oh, goody!' when they hear the in-flight movie stars Sandra Bullock, then don't bother with the rest of Soul Plane.
The movie is genuine in its inauthenticity.
The movie's simple yet spot-on characters and performances make the laughs timeless, no matter how firmly the film is set in 1995.
Adam's Apples slams together good and evil for maximum black-comedy impact.
There is pleasure and even insight to be had in Puccini but it all feels second-hand, and therefore, of questionable provenance.
The Simpsons Movie is finally here. And guess what? It's funny. But not that funny.
It's quickly apparent, unlike last time, that you are watching a movie made by and for fans.
It is goofy fun, and fans of the original will be impressed by just how much of Austen is preserved.
Despite repeatedly falling for three of the most beautiful women in the movies, Reynolds winds up largely miserable
This is a film that gets under the skin of Generation X with humour and heartfelt emotion that makes it a genuinely great coming-of-age movie that hooks you by the heart.
Aptly named "Minute" moves easily enough (despite) a silly, shallow screenplay laden with so much more absurdity than any screwball comedy should tolerate.
Mad predictable.
It's a measure of [Bullock's] comic talent that she makes this creamy slip of a film as genuinely engaging as it is.
Despite its flaws, Daddy's Home 2 is extremely watchable and family friendly, with the holiday setting sure to awaken your festive side, but it won't deliver a Christmas movie miracle.
The three vets are a delight to watch, even if the movie around them remains soggy.
captures the family's droll humor with just the right mixture of morbidity and genuine care
The chemistry between Matthau and O'Neal makes it work.
Once Upon A Deadpool supports the worthiest of causes, but "PG-13 Deadpool 2" is a much duller, hacked-up sequel than this year's *already inflated* R-rated release.
While I enjoyed the traditional greyness and the abused whippet blondes, this feels more like a thin episode of CSI: Copenhagen than anything that resembles a film.
For writer/director Paul Brickman, this was a case of being in the right place at the right time and, perhaps most importantly, getting the right leading man in place.
Made with heart and affection, it really is a welcome return for these much loved characters and a merrily mad swansong that will leave you smiling.
"Frozen II" is sure to please the kiddies and their parents with catchy tunes and wondrous animation, even if it makes the plot more complicated than it needs to be for its target audience.
Diaz is absolutely fearless in portraying a character with almost no redeeming features.
It's hard to laugh at comic protagonists who are evil, stupid and ignorant.
The good news for screenwriters Max Botkin and Marc Hyman is they got a screen credit out of this. The bad news is it was with this movie.
It's as bright and twinkling as a Christmas tree, decked with warmth and humor.
You know what would be revolutionary? Making a really good movie about a three-dimensional teenage female character that doesn't start and finish with both eyes on the same old punishing character types.
Why did I like it? Maybe because style is as important as story in a movie like this, and Mr. Baseball is not without a certain flair.
There is a reason why formulae work: here, working well. The movie only blames Jane for forgetting herself in the needs of others, instead of the traditional Hollywood punishment for being single.
(It's) straight comedy, a joke factory instead of a well-rounded feature like its predecessor.
Even though I had little clue exactly what statement on consumerism Strickland is trying to make, thank goodness films like this come along every now and then to give us a shot in the veins.
Too often, though, director Robert Weide resorts to the horribly hackneyed gag.
What we've got here is a trifle that is too clever by half. That's not good.
Spry, whimsical and frequently laugh-out-loud funny.
This is simply an assembly of cinematic cliches.
A colossal mess of an action movie.
Jumanji: The Next Level is largely a retread of the previous film, but some new, fun elements contribute to an exciting & uproarious adventure sequel.
Offers a few offhand chuckles but mostly feels like a journey to nowhere.
a "real" movie with real appeal for everyone.
If a white filmmaker were behind the wretched ugliness that is The Wash, he'd be branded the most racist director since D.W. Griffith.
Myers has established herself as Nora Ephron Lite, which is the same as establishing yourself as white bread without the crust.
Funny Hope western farce, but inferior to its sequel "Son of Paleface."
"Magic Mike XXL" has a plot skimpier than the jockstraps worn by its male strippers with hearts of gold. But not to worry.
For die-hard monster movie buffs only.
What this mutt lacks in uniqueness it makes up for in puppyish charm, high-class velocity and enough pop culture crackle to keep most demographics suitably amused.
Marginally more inspired and certainly more likable than Snakes on a Plane or The Human Centipede as net-spawned exploitation fodder goes, but you can safely wait for the DVD.
Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it.
Young children will be entertained, but for the rest of the audience, pretty colors just aren't enough.
Bigger, brighter, bonkers-er. In short -- it's exactly what we need right now.
Trifling and tedious, totally predictable rom-com - not even worth placing on your Netflix queue.
Another teen comedy like many others, but this one is less funny. [Full review in Spanish]
Of appeal to viewers of all ages, Sing is an apt way for fun-loving families to usher in the New Year.
As a pre-historical/hysterical document "Ice Age" is more than a little suspect but its signature squirrel more than makes up for it.
The best animated film of the year, as well as one that conveys a message rarely heard in movies for children: Getting exactly what you hoped for isn't the end of the journey.
Benefits from it's fleeting fits of comedy and the charisma of its cast, yet sadly lacks bite in the drama department.
I can only wonder what theatre gods Molière angered during his lifetime to deserve such ragtag biographical treatment, but let's hope Molière settles the debt.
There's something absolutely irresistible about Melissa McCarthy. It's a beautiful thing to behold when she gifts us with a film worthy of her talent.
Jackie Chan kicks butt, gets beat up, kicks more butt, survives a collapsing building, skis in his sneakers behind a hovercraft, foils a heist, befriends a motorcycle gang, falls in love, and attends his uncle's wedding. What more could you want?
Boy loses mom and gains imaginary friend in emotional drama.
As an earnest and mostly successful stab at what seemed like a flawed idea, Gnomeo & Juliet somehow manages to evoke fond memories.
A formulaic but sweet rom-com featuring a fresh cast of humans and canines.
This is a movie that is so embarrassing that it deserves to be consigned to the cutout bins at the video stores as quickly as possible.
You can like Book Club or hate it, but you can't argue with the fact that Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda, Candice Bergen and Mary Steenburgen have real marquee value.
More lukewarm haggis than piping-hot broth, Pixar's 13th feature might fall short, but is still head and hair-covered shoulders above most of its CG competitors.
There isn't a single component of this entirely tedious exercise that hasn't been seen before, including the plot itself.
You're getting what's advertised on the menu, for the better, and never the worse.
Director Jeremy LaLonde seems almost to have given himself a challenge - make a comedy in which the two protagonists are not only completely unlovable; they're actually kind of hateable.
The movie's trump card is the undeniable chemistry between all three leads, with Rogen in particular milking his hung-dog comic delivery for all it's worth.
A surprisingly oppressive, rapid-fire, noisy, gadget-filled action picture lacking the emotion of the original film.
Not only are a large proportion of the gags repetitive, but they're also delivered by actors who are simply phoning it in.
A fast, amiable comedy that never outstays its welcome, and will be great fun for fans of films such as 2008's Pineapple Express.
Nothing - not the characters, not their stories and certainly not their violence - is meant to register deeply. Their words and worlds are disposable; it's no wonder they fade so fast.
Has the exuberance and imaginative action that seem right on target for fresh-faced 10-year-old filmgoers.
Trips over its own feet in its quest to be bigger and better than its predecessor.
This landmark movie's madcap humor and terrifying suspense remain undiminished by time.
Dolittle is an unmitigated disaster.
As for the voice talent, Homeland's Mandy Patinkin is the standout, as Papa Smurf -- his warm tones are perfect to play the aged patriarchal figure.
Jim Carrey looks like he is having fun again, maybe the first time he's had fun since Liar Liar.
The cast tear through the film with bug-eyed glee, with Fisher and Caplan perfect as the two worst friends a girl could ever have.
Ultimately, the jokes are more stupefying than funny and no one's anatomy is safe from a gratuitous close-up, whether it's that of a wild animal or an Oscar nominee.
Lee always is a pleasure to watch; and his put-upon, wisecracking persona is perfect as the Everyman to whom anything and everything can happen the week before his wedding.
For its intended audience, it hits just the right note of drama mixed with cuteness.
The film doesn't so much build as meander through spectacular sets towards an ending that falls resoundingly flat.
Wes Craven was born to direct this material. One of the most successful of horror filmmakers.
This Entourage isn't decent company at all.
A rarely funny spoof that's heavy on bone-crushing and blood-gushing.
Guy Ritchie's latest crime comedy is more of a battle of wits than full wham-bam-action, boasting fun performances by the ensemble cast, esp. Hugh Grant & Colin Farrell.
There are some gross-out toilet moments that I suspect are inspired by the recent US hit Bridesmaids, but that movie had laughs and a lot of heart. The Knot, sadly, has neither.
"Stuber" floats by on its own predictability, seemingly having no desire to do something special or new.
It's a trifle of a thing; the kind of thing you'd see on a broadcast network on a Saturday afternoon, at least before you grew bored and changed the channel.
The franchise is losing altitude fast.
Chemistry-free film.
For a film ostensibly attuned to the world of fashion, the film's portrayal of queer men is decidedly retro.
I wouldn't even mind watching it more than once, which is the true test.
The maverick Texas filmmaker throws a wild party that's also a sneakily deep look back at a time when everything appeared possible.
Not a classic, but it's an entertaining, cute film and a promising start for Disney's new division.
A heart-winning musical comedy that skips lightly and sprightly from the lily pads of hope to the manhole covers of actuality, if you see what I mean. I'm not sure I do.
Rebel Wilson kills it, even if the satire needs more bite.
Forgetable holiday offering with Murray at his least inspired.
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is merely a preposterous, maximized manipulation of the original film's winning formula.
The filmmakers behind Tangled and Wreck-it Ralph join forces for this entertaining animated action comedy, which has clearly been planned as a franchise-launcher.
[A]n incredibly tiresome chronicle of Moondog's dissolute, promiscuous lifestyle, which he is able to afford only because his wife Minnie (Isla Fisher) is richer than Croesus.
One of those rare movies that aren't so good, yet you wouldn't mind seeing it again.
This is good, if slightly lightweight fun, albeit with Bateman and McAdams on sharp enough form to make you realise how long it's been since a decent commercial comedy came along.
Mistaking friendship for true love represents an unfortunate, ultimately empty miscalculation, at the end of the world or early enough to choose more wisely.
Scott gives a wonderfully economical performance that anchors this fast-paced outing.
It's yet another variation of the uptight character who loosens up through the intervention of (blank). But the transition of Popper turning from corporate raider to familial guardian (and back and forth again) is unconvincing.
Say It Isn't So is the kind of movie that makes Dumb & Dumber and Kingpin, a couple of early Farrelly Brothers movies I was not fond of, seem like comedic triumphs.
...and your movie is a joke.
"Smallfoot" follows a familiar path, it's what it does with the journey that makes it worth watching.
A towering achievement in cinema, music, and life art. Funnier and more prescient every time I see it. Any time they tour I will be there.
You'll need not only your own WABAC machine, but also a shower.
What really drives the movie is its own search for something to make fun of, and for a comic style that can feel credibly naughty while remaining ultimately safe and affirmative.
Matthew McConaughey gives an intensely wry performance while director William Friedkin applies his old-master craftsmanship to a brutal, ugly story.
Very little about Identity Thief is original. After a brief introduction that leads to Sandy and Diana travelling across the country together, viewers are saddled with a story that's essentially a road movie with an Odd Couple twist.
...too weird and too off-the-wall to become anything more than a mildly amusing curiosity.
If only the world saw street smarts as equal to book smarts, Maya wishes on her birthday. It's a nice idea, but Second Act doesn't possess smarts in either category.
Antics of a diabolical child are neither valuable nor funny.
Serving Sara is merely a serving of average, forgettable Hollywood fare.
Easily the most slapstick version of the Nativity story ever made and one that finally pays tribute to the critical part played by all the talking animals at the manger on that night.
Com exceção de Embriagado de Amor, este é o primeiro filme de Sandler que não ofende a inteligência do espectador - e também o primeiro a realmente conseguir fazer rir.
Do you remember when you first learned the word "kahkah" and then kept repeating the term incessantly for days? If so, you have a handle on the woefully unfunny, extended Saturday Night Live sketch, MacGruber.
Can a 3D horror movie be a thing of beauty? In the case of this gorgeously shot remake, the answer is "Yes!"
A good example of complex Hollywood wizardry placed in the service of sharp, intelligent family entertainment.
Instead of turning soft and squishy, this examination of karma gets tougher as it goes along. Its refusal to settle into a cozy niche may be commercially disastrous, but I take it as a sign of integrity.
It's as close as you're likely to get to a perfect movie.
Adam Sandler turns his careless attention to family life in this comedy about a harried white-collar father who acquires a remote control that allows him to hopscotch through time.
The shamelessly juvenile, pseudo-religious, mock-sincere Evan Almighty is the most expensive Hollywood comedy ever made. Problem? It's not that funny.
The blend of animation and live action feels natural and even at its most ridiculous points, the film is still irresistibly likeable. It may not look like much at first but Peter Rabbit is an unexpected pleasure.
Boo 2! A Madea Halloween is a profoundly miserable low point for the Madea franchise as a whole.
A refreshing addition to the rejuvenated genre.
While it's still very enjoyable, it doesn't quite live up to the standard expected of Pixar, even if those expectations are completely unfair and unreasonable.
Raunchy, wild and offbeat - not unlike Russell Brand himself -- 'Get Him to the Greek' is a grownups-only comedy romp.
The Love Guru is downright antifunny, an experience that makes you wonder if you will ever laugh again.
his lavish production is full of superb special effects and a lot of strange characters in unusual costumes.
In a genre so choked with cynical films, this one was made with enough skill and heart to make its emotional payoffs believable and welcome.
If you're a fan of pint-size motormouth Kevin Hart's stand-up comedy, you're likely to have fun with this. Just don't go looking for a motion picture with credible characters or an overly involving story.
D.E.B.S. is light and airy and frequently quite fun, yet one can't help but feel that the feature-length version is too little butter spread over too much toast.
Even ardent Hilary Duff fans will have a hard time swallowing this thoroughly dim-witted romantic comedy.
Peter Rabbit is never actually bad; it's just a somewhat relentless, exhausting stream of a lot of things that never realizes its potential to be something more complex and satisfying -- it's like the anti-Paddington 2.
Disappointing romcom that falls painfully flat, thanks to a badly written script, poor direction, boring characters, cliched storylines and a shocking lack of laughs.
Sorry, Adam Sandler simply isn't very convincing playing a character with an I.Q. above room temperature.
How the mighty have fallen!
It's about as breezy, carefree, and anarchic as romantic comedies get. Full of absurd comedic digressions and bookends that still don't quite make sense, this eccentric road trip comedy would likely never get made in today's Hollywood climate.
It's just kinda there, content to spin a woozily whimsical story.
Like its predecessors, Toy Story 4's characters frequently question their own nature, their role in the universe, what they wish for their lives and how those wishes fare against reality. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Stretch feels like the dots joined from what was left on Carnaghan's drawing board.
...one of ickiest framing devices in recent memory.
A perfectly enjoyable slice of contemporary comedy that manages to raise its head above the faecal pond of modern crude comedy.
Is Dr. Strangelove Kubrick's best movie? Along with Paths of Glory, absolutely.
Outrageousness proves hard to sustain, and after a stomach-lurchingly quick start, The Hangover slows down and, by the third act, fizzes out like Alka-Seltzer in a highball glass.
It turns out that the sharp-tongued humour of Groucho Marx is ageless, the slapstick timely and the subject matter still pertinent: loony dictatorship, religion, pointless warfare.
Westby's escapist fantasy's happy ending falls short of a meaningful message in spite of a rib-tickling individual effort by lead Melik Malkasian.
If I see one more high school movie that uses a Literature class Shakespeare lesson as a metaphor for raging hormones and whatever else the screenwriter is trying to put across, I swear I'm going to throttle someone.
Billy Bob phones in a below-par performance but still blows his young rival off the screen.
[I]ts occasional pleasures are only minor.
Averagely routine, routinely average romcom.
Jennifer Lawrence is the only aspect of the film that truly lives up to the trumped-up awards buzz and hype, but being a perfectly enjoyable light comedy with heaps of heart is no small feat in itself.
The heart of the film is in the right place and is a fun addition to the fantasy film genre.
Despicable Me is a 3D cartoon comedy of whiplash-quick laughs, funny punch lines and a wickedly gimmicky appreciation for 3D.
Raising Helen gives Kate Hudson a chance to sparkle as a determined young woman who gives up her career to raise her deceased sister's three children.
The film sinks faster than the Lost City of Atlantis.
Carrey is the movie's ace up its sleeve. He's at his frighteningly manic best. If the Academy ever considered awards for comedies released in March, Carrey certainly deserves one.
A completely mad film within a film, setting narrative aside for a free-wheeling examination of identity
... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
[The Big Sick] has much humor and love, but not in the doses or formats that you'd expect. Fortunately. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's time to stop, I'm afraid.
Those with even modestly adventuresome cinematic palates will have their appetites whetted before exiting unsatisfied.
It's the kind of movie that could be stomached if you were stuck at home on a rainy Sunday afternoon and you saw it on special for 99 cents on iTunes. But it's definitely not worth the price of entry at the cinema.
This movie makes a much better case study for aspiring entertainment executives than it does a cinematic experience. What it most emphatically is not is a date movie.
There isn't an ounce of real life between here and Somers Town.
An unexpected and off-kilter treat, thanks to a BBC-quality cast and (un)deadpan humor.
The interplay between the Green Hornet and straight man Kato delights, overshadowing Cameron Diaz as a mutual love interest.
Imagine what "Catch-22" might have been like if it had been written by that creepy grade-school classmate of yours who was always talking about how cool it would be to stick a cherry bomb under that dead squirrel he found on the side of the road
Amiable enough, but...
Amusingly, the Crite death scenes have grown more goopy and destructive, though the potential for greater showdowns and onslaughts is sadly unfulfilled.
Todd Phillips needs to get off the road.
Will the boys fall into Boss Hogg's trap? How will they get past the roadblock?
An astute blend of action/adventure, drama, humor, and scathing political commentary.
For all its good intentions, Daltry Calhoun is a predictable, derivative film.
The connection between the still-potent issues of the civil rights movement and the rich vs. poor economic disparities that continue today -- although 'The Man' could now be either black or white -- gives Barbershop genuine potency.
Can Black Dynamite fend off the Man and the mob and the phalanx of wah-wah guitars arrayed against him and fight his way to the Honky House to mete out kung-fu justice? Most likely!
Every bit as entertaining as the original.
"Witching and Bitching" is accordingly overlong, and conceptually thin. But like most of de la Iglesia's films, it's also freakishly energetic, and often hysterical.
The movie is silly beyond comprehension, and even if it weren't silly, it would still be beyond comprehension.
Succeeds both as a sci-fi adventure and as a familial love story.
This 88-minute satirical spoof doesn't tell us anything we don't already know. It runs out of steam after 45 minutes and you find yourself looking for the nearest exit. Spurlock is not in the same filmmaking league as Michael Moore, whose...
By starring in three of the worst comedies of 2003, Steve Martin has officially turned himself into the Anti-Comic.
Romance on the High Seas might not be in the top tier of Michael Curtiz classics but the film is worth checking out for Doris Day's perfrmance.
...a buddy comedy with a fatal misunderstanding of the concept of a comedic duo.
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD. For free. I still want my money back.
[Writer Diablo] Cody locates lots of lovely comedy in the harried, hamstrung, and harassed.
Serious Moonlight suggests an unholy, watered-down hybrid of The Ref and Funny Games, played as a chirpy screwball comedy.
Inconsistent stoner comedy that looks back fondly at the '70's. McConaughey gives a standout performance as the creepy older guy picking up on High School girls.
A dizzying cavalcade of celebrity cameos in place of jokes.
While Michael Moore at least has the sense to turn the camera away from himself long enough to burrow into the subject at hand, Morgan Spurlock demonstrates that it's hard for him to keep his mind on anything besides Morgan Spurlock.
1.5
It's silly, and silly can be good. It is here for a while...
Donald Trump would surely hate it - and that has to be a good thing.
Robin Williams proves to topical comedy what Lawrence Welk is to smoking jazz, and a marketing bait-and-switch leads to a ludicrously dumb paranoid thriller. It lazily hopes its conceit and comedian work. Neither does.
Crime caper with a wicked edge. Not for kids.
To call this winkfest toward an astoundingly retrograde sliver of Judaism offensive would be, well, offensive to the word offensive.
Garry Marshall, how could you? You have made a mockery of a movie that bears the name of my birthday. I take this as a personal affront.
If -- for whatever incomprehensible reason -- you're searching for a movie with maximum ennui value, this is that movie.
If you only take your children to see movies like Up ... they'll think every film is going to be fantastic. That's not very good training for the disappointments of life, so Furry Vengeance does have one purpose.
The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't end up hating it as much as I thought I was going to during the first half.
To say the franchise is coasting along on fumes suggests it once ran on a full tank.
Its nothing-special plot, the product of writers Kenya Barris and Alex Barnow, features ill-defined villains and briefly touches on Islamophobia and military veteran PTSD and drug abuse - and never follows up on any of those issues.
While a predictably clumsy Australian film with strong visuals and a wobbly script, it is sometimes more poignant than expected.
We'll give Jason Segel et al credit for trying and it's incredibly hard to fully fault a movie with such a terrific finale.
General silliness from the SOUTH PARK boys, but some truly hilarious moments. And even (extremely loosely) based on actual events!
A fun sequel that feels like a logical extension of the franchise, but should make for a proper closure. [Full Review in Spanish]
The movie twinkles sardonically, like the eyes of the Grinch when Chuck Jones animates the character's most cunning, twisted smile.
an almost-successful comedy experiment
Comedian Katt Williams, in a small role as a chipper hitchhiker, injects about 15 minutes worth of fun into Father Figures, an otherwise mostly dreadful road comedy in which Ed Helms and Owen Wilson play twins searching for a man to call dad.
This movie sinks or swims on its humor, and frankly, the Farrellys don't appear to have been very good swimming instructors.
For the film's first hour, Meyers' dialogue sparkles.
...having a monkey throw poo on you for an hour and a half would probably be more entertaining than this flick.
The wacky premise never emerges as anything other than a vessel for endless massive Beatles idolization, which is going to continue for the band whether this movie exists or not. Everyone else can put Yesterday off until tomorrow and beyond
There was an interesting story, it made fun of itself, it honored the classics, can be touching at times, and I don't think I stopped laughing the entire time.
I'm not sure how well it speaks of a comedy if the funniest scenes come during the closing credits.
If you're given the choice between seeing National Lampoon's Gold Diggers and death, you'd be wise to choose death.
Mazer's comedy pedigree ensures this is regularly laugh-out-loud funny.
A rickety and stale idea to build an entire film upon, a fact that seems lost on the once-mighty-himself Woody Allen.
A passable time-killer for kids, more boring than painful for adults, but animated films have established a higher bar to clear.
It is only because of Wilson's charm that this movie manages to entertain as much as it does, which is just barely enough.
It's only when the story hits the streets of NYC and Adams starts hamming it up (much like Julie Hagerty did in 'Airplane') that we start seeing the fruits of a grand Mickey-take.
Toy Story 4 captures the heart of the entire saga in its own way.
The humor is balanced with small dramatic beats that lend authentic emotion to the proceedings.
This Rush job should put the franchise down for good.
I expected to laugh a lot harder and more frequently. Mama's Boy isn't what I'd call a terrible movie. Instead, it's a movie that assembles a lot of interesting elements that never gel.
You know that you're in sure hands at the beginning of Missing Link.
Big Momma's House gives even the notion of summer movies a bad name.
Just like the Russian crowd cheering on Rocky in 'Rocky IV,' I was rooting for a happy ending even though my cynical little movie critic mind knew the result should be obvious.
Sequel to the camp classic makes is a stylish, funny romp.
( ... ) even with four scriptwriters on the case it's still full of the usual stereotypes and lazy, bad-boy clichs - all glued together with a rather bombastic score.
Most of it crash-lands.
This is one of those rare genre comedies that near-perfectly balances its blend of grue, guffaws, and gag reflexes.
Definitely, Maybe has a certain bland appeal, provided you don't mind that there isn't one detail in the movie that has a faint ring of truth.
This coal-black comedy provokes frequent laughs, but many of its jokes feel downright cruel.
A cynical, clumsy, aptly titled attempt to cross the female-oriented romantic comedy with the male-oriented gross-out comedy.
Director Jeff Fowler gives the kids Spielberg-isms and scatology. Their parents get gags about out-of-town weddings. Thank heavens for Carrey.
Same old silliness, only worse.
Essentially an exercise in the humor of hypocrisy and sketch comedy woven into a coherent whole.
The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did.
Execrable.
Scenes of Favreau at the grill bantering with Leguizamo and Cannavale could almost sustain an entire movie.
A thoroughly delightful, impressively animated, summer movie with plenty of laughs, a gentle wit and a surprisingly nuanced range of life lessons.
Swing Vote almost got my vote until its long and treacly last act.
Flying in the face of the Schumer character's initial independence, 'Trainwreck' slips into romantic-comedy formula. In the end, it's just an old-fashioned love story.
Funny, poignant, surprising - you'll enjoy it more than you expected to
For all its outrageous humor, 40 Days and 40 Nights actually has something to say about the value of emotional intimacy over physical intimacy.
It's sort of ironic that the only demographic that'll appreciate this lame, watered-down brand of humor mirrors the community portrayed in the film: the elderly and infirm
Yes, the idea sounds derivative -- 'The Incredibles Go to Hogwarts' -- but [the] script spins that idea into interesting configurations.
Ben Stiller does his usual loser shtick, and computer animation, dumb laughs (urinating monkeys, anyone?) and slapstick abounds.
Not aspiring to be much more than a simple fish-out-of-water comedy, Elf is sweet and a little hokey -- and has the makings of a holiday classic.
A bit dated these days, but still worth a schwing.
A witty and immensely enjoyable British romantic comedy.
The film moves so fast that there's barely time to stop and smell the consequences. You can't help but hope that Moondog just keeps on l-i-v-i-n', man.
De Niro is nervily hilarious and Grodin nervelessly exceptional in Midnight Run, a formula buddy movie exalted to insta-classic status by their performances.
It's fairly entertaining globe-trotting nonsense for what it is, which isn't much, but there you have it.
I have to admit to one or two more laughs, though really not enough to justify sitting through the whole thing.
It is Kick-Ass, with Helen Mirren as Hit-Girl.
Writer-director Louis C.K. (I wouldn't give my correct name either) was named on Entertainment Weekly's "It List," proving that entertainment is in a bad way.
This Ice Age is still a good movie (especially for kids) with top-of-the-tech CGI.
It is a clever-ish premise that is not placed under pressure to generate too many dumb chuckles for the sake of it.
About as appetizing as a pot of dishwater coffee.
Religious rhetoric attached to a flimsy plot on the strength of family and the power of government corruption. There little that's new and there's little that's funny.
Boots Riley...delivers a social comedy that is satirical, surreal and, thankfully, at times very funny indeed.
The story of a bail enforcer who captures his newspaper-reporter ex-wife manages to be both formulaic and patchwork, with whatever twinkles that exist between the stars eclipsed by the overall crudeness.
It makes the tacit assumption that we'll accept every set-up it foists on its characters; the problem is that the set-ups and the characters are both so dumb they defy even the most basic logic.
A venomous and incisive cinema exposé and it builds a relentless head of comic steam that never subsides.
appalling, hateful, reptilian, inept
Jason Filardi's script could have been written for Bob Hope and Phyllis Diller in the 1960s, with Diller in blackface. Yes, it's that offensive
[A]n extended ad with no satirical cheek and no desire to entertain anyone beyond the younger end of the child market.
It seems like this premise could get into some creative and maybe even subversive territory, but it mostly sticks to the basics.
It's competently made and contains some thrills, but you'll probably forget everything about it by the time you get home from the theater.
The film is completely unique and its sci-fi bent is fully realized in a way that some sci-fi films fail to capture.
[An] impish, rarefied morality play.
Your head hurts like hell, the whole thing feels horribly familiar, and it's just not funny any more. Can this really be happening again?
You'd have to be applying pretty loose critical standards to describe Friday After Next ... as a good movie, but in the coming weeks it may certainly prove a useful one.
The audience is dragged into a world even more technicolored than before; one brimming with light and music, designed to evoke the eternal charm of India more prominently than ever.
Misogynistic and hypocritical.
The results are hysterical.
It's an antic journey with the doors locked and no stops permitted, sadly characteristic of the aggressively didactic, falsely whimsical nature of Disney's modern age.
...an ill-advised adaptation that just doesn't have enough material or substance to sustain a feature-length running time.
...generally fares better than most of the heavy-handed endeavors that tend to populate this increasingly profitable subgenre...
Though the talented Stone shows off some sharp comic timing, it's hard to accept this smart, gorgeous young woman as a school misfit yearning for popularity...
The Trip boasts a pervasively agreeable atmosphere that proves instrumental in compensating for its flaws.
To say they fail is to insult the word fail. Scene for scene, there were probably more chuckles in The Reader.
So defiantly humorless that it seems to punish any small amount of laughs by doubling down on every joke, reducing them to childishly annoying at best.
Wilderpeople is the best film of 2016, so far; or as Ricky and Uncle Hect would say - "sh*t just got real."
While it might be a little too serious for some youngsters, there's plenty of action and adventure to keep them entertained.
Funny and harmless family entertainment.
"Frances Ha" could have taken a very different, much darker direction, but not with Gerwig in it.
It's raunchy, booze-soaked, foul-mouthed, mean-spirited, and funny as hell.
One of the most original, good-hearted comedies in a long time, Rushmore is the sort of movie where the strangest sequences of discords somehow keep managing to reach giddily improbable resolutions.
Even though the picture is far from perfect, I was never less than amused. The terrific cast and some individual bits of comedy were enough to keep me invested.
only works as mindless entertainment.
A weeknight rental for those who can appreciate material both broadly goofy and amusingly gory.
Love Actually won't last you. Still, while you're enjoying it: Yummy.
As a rom-com, it's so safe and unchallenging that it won't stick in your brain long enough for the message to matter.
"Don't Think Twice" manages the neat trick of remaining sweet-natured while letting absolutely no one off the hook.
Films don't get much more offbeat than this trippy comedy-drama about Americans in Chile.
[Boots] Riley is swinging for the fences here, with a clear vision of what he's after, and on the whole, he succeeds tremendously. It's a fantastical, weird, funny, devastating movie, and it proves Riley is a director worth watching.
Amid the swamp of crude humor and self-conscious parody, the biggest problem ... is that it has more uplifting messages than a very special episode of Blossom.
A swift, dark and nasty horror comedy that occasionally dances into territory deemed taboo by American filmmakers.
It is what is. We've had some good laughs. Let's part amicably.
The flaws are easy to forgive because newcomer Jordan Vogt-Roberts directs like a veteran and manages to infuse the film with so much visual wonder and authentic harmony.
It's dismal, unfunny fare, made downright offensive by some pretty brutal violence.
As the film itself states: 'The dog's not so bad. It's the people I can't stand'.
...the funny stuff ain't all that funny.
[A] smoking crater of a film ... the end result has vital scenes missing, no ending, and performances that often don't make sense.
After a myriad of disappointing films, Murphy finally appears in a funny, inventive movie. If you like to smile and laugh, this is highly recommended.
Seen nearly 30 years later, it actually seems better than ever -- which may be as much a comment on the state of comedy films today as on the quality of Nine to Five.
Really there's no reason to see this but if you really need to satisfy your guinea pig fix, hit the local pet store. It's cheaper and far more entertaining.
It's only worth dreaming, "If I Were a Rich Boy"...
Yet another decently made but utterly forgettable comedy.
Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is as insufferable as its title.
An entertaining film with interesting characters the viewer can actually care about.
Comedy riffs on wealth gap, race but relies on stereotypes.
"American Reunion" relies on clichs about nostalgia, forced tension over strained friendships and melodrama about the rekindling of first loves.
Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, with Martin Short as Jack Frost, means we're getting a turkey and a ham for the holidays.
Gore-movie maestro Eli Roth (Hostel) tries changing his spots with this multiplex effort but struggles to conjure up a family film of any real distinction or character.
Harmlessly off-the-cuff -- but facing far more pedigreed multiplex competition -- SpongeBob barely rates as OK when compared with The Incredibles.
Filthy and unredeeming in all of the right ways, Bad Teacher is a worthy successor to the benchmark black comedy Bad Santa (without being at all the same).
It's a promising concept, but instead of expending effort on, say, a coherent script, the filmmakers lazily rely on cheap editing tricks and gleefully relentless sadism.
An okay comedy. More jokes fall flat than bring out a laugh.
A slow road-trip is not what's fun about Sonic.
Where are the laughs (and stars) of Caddy 1?
It's as if this movie about a girl posing as a boy was unsure of what to be, so it decided to be crass.
dares to go to some very dark places and does so without losing its absurdist bite
The Campaign does manage to strike a funny chord but don't be ashamed to find out these election results on home video.
Will Ferrell running around practically naked is good for a laugh once per film, and Talladega delivers on that score—he's semi-naked and he thinks he's on fire.
Even in the canon of high school flicks, Charlie Bartlett seems slight, but like its wide-eyed protagonist, it ultimately wins you over on the strength of its puppy-dog appeal.
Baywatch is about good versus evil. On the beach. In bikinis and Bahama shorts ... It's core values served up like a vodka cooler, and director Seth Gordon understood his role as bartender: Keep it cold, and don't run out.
This is the best that Chris Rock and Bernie Mac could come up with? In the words of Gilliam's campaign - 'That ain't right'.
With Scary Movie 4, [director] Zucker creates a virtual duplicate of the last film, replete with a Michael Jackson impersonator. Once again, the gags grow repetitive, and all the highlights have been featured in the preview trailer.
The directorial slackness is ably compensated for by a climactic set from the reunited Fugees.
A bright and very silly film with solid, provocative themes that really stick with us.
Although Nick & Norah is episodic and uneven, it does have considerable charm.
One more stepping stone in the rise of Salma Hayek!
Even if you invite a lot of talented people to the set, the result won't work if you don't give them a way to show why they're considered talented.
It's supremely annoying to see the ups and downs of romance reduced to archer-than-arch line readings and bloodless mortal kombat.
I guess the argument could be made that taking the whole family to RV at least is cheaper than buying a tank of gas these days.
. Curiously, Super Troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length.
A sometimes hilarious farce and a holiday favorite.
Chan and Wilson make a great comic team.
Marx Bros.' big hit may miss with today's kids.
Plot rehash aside, it's hard not to like 30 highly trained stunt dogs. You won't be howling with laughter or at the moon or anything else, but the movie is surprisingly sweet.
This shoddy, superfluous sequel is like trashy tinsel.
An American remake with plenty of new pizazz.
Pure, honest to god entertainment oozes out of every feel-good moment. Who knew Will Smith as a pigeon would be a winning formula?
It's a tired opinion, but Seth MacFarlane really does only appeal to fans of Seth MacFarlane... of which, I imagine the number one fan is Seth MacFarlane.
Mesmo pecando por ser convencional demais, este  um filme charmoso e bem-intencionado - e certamente far grande sucesso entre as crianas.
The story is so paper-thin one surmises it was scrawled on soggy toilet paper somewhere
From multi-talented Belgian/Canadian duo Dominique Abel and his partner Fiona Gordon comes a slice of light-hearted whimsy.
Booksmart has something urgent going on under the surface. This is a lively and rebellious, rather profoundly feminist movie about young women with dreams, and the enormous pressures facing them.
Magic Mike XXL, barely bothers to scratch beneath the veneer of fake tan.
It lasts about 90 minutes, during which time I heard not a single laugh in the whole room.
So The Dead Don't Die is certainly not unmissable.
It's the kind of movie they don't make anymore -- and when they did, it was at the bottom of the bill after onscreen ads for local merchants.
A brainless comedy to escape from the grind.
Granted, Monster-in-Law is meant to be a laugh-fest, but it stoops very low and is too unkind to its actors in its pursuit of laughs.
...a missed opportunity that ultimately feels like two movies ungainly stitched together at the middle (ie it's both an engrossing cooking drama and all-too-slick character study).
A little too in love with its subject, but a treat for fans.
This is for Christmas movie masochists only.
If nothing else, the fully rendered digital animation is a vast improvement over the recent duds The Ant Bully, Barnyard and Everyone's Hero.
The few high points hardly add up to enough to keep this barbecue grill from just fizzling out.
It's a challenging picture, but it runs the gamut of emotions so well that it's nearly impossible to dislike.
When it was first announced, wags made the inevitable "It's 'The Hangover' - with walkers!" jokes. If only.
The franchise is in good hands - even if some of those hands are made of felt and have only three fingers.
Ultimately, the comedy here is grounded in self-hatred, hostility, and despair.
Amusing enough, but weirdly joyless.
With a script that snaps and characters that pop, Next Day Air nears neo-blaxploitation perfection.
A comedy that stretches more than advisable, but compensates with good interpreters and some inspirational passages. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything old is new again in this refreshing threequel. Plus you get just enough new characters to add to the fun. Woody and Bo - who knew!
Julia Stiles is sweet in this charming, but unfulfilling, rom-com.
For its target audience of children and young teenagers, this Halloween blend of comedy, fantasy, and mild horror is wonderfully effective.
The movie's biggest surprise is the fine balance it strikes in navigating the tricky passage between offensive and funny.
Crosses the worst of Tyler Perry's 'old-fashioned values' preachiness (- the religious stuff) with the leering crudity of the standard Martin Lawrence vehicle.
It's like a BOONDOCK SAINTS for people who have "good" taste in movies.
The plot gets clunky pretty early on.
Barrymore is actually becoming quite the deft physical comedienne, unafraid to make herself look unsightly for effect. But her performance isn't enough to overcome even one of the other problems.
How to Lose is toothless, substituting broad humor and a romance for the needed cynicism.
Literal and figurative crap.
If you don't think too hard about it, you will enjoy yourself; otherwise the film is patently absurd.
A FUN comedy of epic Biblical proportions with Carell in fine form.
Ultimately, the film rides on Frost, who carries it with charm, grace and plenty of heart.
You've got to hand it to Brett Ratner. He knows how to make a formula comedy breeze by in an efficient 90 minutes.
Neither the best nor the worst, Operation Condor makes for a slap-happy medium
Take heed, The Hangover: Part II. When a studio asks for "more of the same", it's possible to come up with a film that hits all the same high notes as its predecessor - without just photocopying the script and adding "... but abroad" after every gag.
Bad Moms is to uncircumcised penises as The Third Man is to cuckoo clocks
Shrek Forever After is the latest in a long, mediocre tradition. What charms it does have can't really compete with the charms it doesn't have.
Your ass is constantly braced in readiness and hope, but it remains un-kicked.
Cynical
It's the "Odd Couple" turned even.
[Writer/director] Miller has tried to make three or four different movies at once, the result occasionally lapsing into a state of noisy incoherence.
Ultimately just an over-the-top, patently silly lark, and on those terms, it is diverting and even a little sweet on occasion. The line between what is smart and funny and what is cheap and unamusing is one the filmmaker hasn't yet quite mastered.
Radcliffe proves he can handle the witticisms and warmth of a romantic comedy
Not everyone will embrace Guide's frankness and awkwardness, but it offers a welcome, unpolished antidote to the usual gleaming, but shallow Hollywood rom-com fare.
Baywatch has the expected eye candy, but is not clever and poorly made. Let the riptide drag you away from this one.
There is spectacular scenery and architecture to admire and footage of some of the world's best restaurants (tip: don't watch this movie hungry), but the main drawcard is as always the celebrity impressions.
...[a] laborious and repetitive one-joke comedy...about as hilarious as a former neglected TV child star's police mug shot photo. In short, the shizzle never quite matches the hizzle.
A pretty lame premise for a movie.
Spy will nicely tide espionage fans over until Spectre and The Man from UNCLE arrive later in the year.
Scary Movie 3 starts out so funny you'll be wishing you'd brought a respitory assistance apparatus... but then it continues.
Much of the animation looks very ordinary and at times cheap, with the dull scenery another missed opportunity in a film chocked full of them.
Men in Black: International doesn't do anything flagrantly wrong, but it doesn't do a lot right either. This is precisely the type of movie you'll forget you saw, even if you don't dislike watching it.
Avoid "Blended" like it's your job - because it is. Your future happiness could depend on it.
Even Yankees fans can catch the year's best romantic comedy -- if they set aside their Sox disgust for two short hours.
"Mood Indigo" feels both overdone and undercooked - a hectic but sketchy tale of oddball romance that slides inexorably into tragedy.
Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween will amuse young kids, but overall it isn't as lively or exciting as its predecessor, and less screentime for Jack Black is a bummer.
A toothless satire whose targets include vampire mania, low-rent theater, indie romantic comedies, Scorsese, Shakespeare and Law & Order, it plays like a Web series expanded to feature length.
Eighth Grade is an incredibly effective, brilliantly empathetic, uncompromisingly honest and downright scary coming-of-age film that is a fantastic showcase for the untapped cinematic talents of writer/director Bo Burnham and actress Elsie Fisher.
The dialogue is riddled with moody, witty cursing and unequalled wordplay - and all sorts of sarcastic nonsense.
If you saw "The Hangover" and thought, "I would enjoy this film more if nothing of consequence happened, and it were clean enough to screen at a retirement home," then "Last Vegas" is custom made for your needs.
No amount of scenery-chewing from Robert Downey Jr. or familiar voices can make Dolittle even remotely passable; it's a disaster
A sweet (but still funny) coming-of-age tale with its heart firmly in the right place.
Unlike the usual run-of-the-mill rom-com, this film bristles with life from the central core of the love story, to the quirky band of supporting players who add to the fun.
"Terri" is almost an anti-teen-coming-of-age teen-coming-of-age movie. And it's terrific.
We'll take messy and interesting over neat and uninteresting any day - especially when a movie has as much heart as this.
Surprisingly, Steinbauer finds a way to make sense of the competing agendas and feelings expressed throughout Winnebago Man.
It will more than satisfy the sweet tooth of romantic comedy fans everywhere who have lately despaired that the frothy, frolicsome genre they adore has been subsumed by raunch and various shades of gray.
If you're one of the many who just don't think [Tim and Eric are] very funny, there's little here that will change that opinion.
She's Allergic to Cats is light experimental fair, easy to digest, and entertaining, but it probably won't make a huge mark on most viewers.
Best of all it's got Pullman, Fonda, Platt, and Gleeson and it's very, very funny.
The first 80-odd minutes of the film are merely quite bad; it's the rest of it that turns it into such a remarkable disaster.
As frothy and funny as it is forgettable, Bad Moms is also the latest proof that the humour gene is not exclusive to the Y chromosome.
It never leans on the concept of singing animals too much, allowing for some character-driven scenes that make us actually care about these animals, why they are in the contest, and most importantly, their aspirations and dreams
Hairspray is just plain fun.
Most likely, Wimpy Kid fans will embrace the gross jokes. The rest of us can hope the inevitable next film is better. As if.
A middling action comedy that's aided immeasurably by the formidable presence of Kate McKinnon.
A 1984 underground touchstone [that's] a creepy visitation from a fracturing society.
Streep is clearly having fun playing a romantic lead. Why she hasn't gotten more offers for these kinds of roles is anyone's guess. She also has a lot of chemistry with Baldwin and Martin. All three of them are reason enough to see the film.
No one expects originality, but the new movie may end up making history: It's already looking like the worst movie of the year.
If you pitch your expectations at an all time low, you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce.
It lacks a certain polish, but it has a nice message and an interesting look.
A joyful, accomplished movie that echoes "The City of Lost Children," "The Adventures of Tintin," "Metropolis," "Howl's Moving Castle" and something unique into a, well, delightful piece of work.
[T]he filmmakers understand and appreciate the audience, providing a steady stream of pratfalls and British humor that serves children and adults without ever condescending.
even by Waters' own admission, it is too grim and unsavory
It might be a Smallfoot, but a movie that values critical thinking is a big step in the right direction.
These geeks really aren't people, and the bad guys don't need moustaches to twirl when they accomplish as much with an old fashioned titty-twister.
Good family fun
The audience around me found it funnier than I did; for me, Look Who's Talking is a one-joke movie that wears out its welcome rather quickly.
...you'll probably like Spree, but maybe won't feel the need to hit that subscribe button.
The hilarious everyman riffs and contagious fun are reason enough to fuel up on such a wonderfully throwaway gag-fest.
As much as we may love Woody, Buzz, and the other characters in this toy box, Toy Story 3 shows it's time for Pixar to put away these toys for good.
A good-hearted entertainment with real crossover appeal. Successful enough to leave viewers with a warm feeling inside and a smile on their face.
A so-called classic 80's comedy featuring one of Bill Murray's most inspired comic creations.
Though it's too funny to warrant outright expulsion, Old School is a real underachiever.
No animals were harmed in the making of this movie. Just careers.
wonderful characters combined with a captivating, albeit very silly story
Not so much a movie as it is a collection of future YouTube clips.
The groundbreaking FX work is worth the price of admission alone, while the rollicking adventure story should find fans from eight to 80.
Sparkle reveals both a clarity of vision and an undeniably infectious charm.
So unrelenting in its attempt to win over the audience with its childish brand of humor that you can't help but join in the laughter.
What makes the film enjoyable is the fact that both stars play off of each other so well.
It's sadomasochism at its drunkest.
An extremely strange blend of genres and styles, ParaNorman somehow manages to pull it off...sort of.
It will delight their fans with its random humor and its palate of bizarre characters.
A wildly nostalgic, unashamed romp - Yoga Hosers is the most 'Kevin Smith' Kevin Smith has ever made.
[Deadpool 2] is foulmouthed and funny, unafraid to be genuine in its emotional engagement while also doling out the violence and viscera with unabashed joy.
Because so few movies focus on stories about women, it's incredibly frustrating to see this strong cast drifting away on a tide of soap bubbles - there's no movie here, just scene after scene of melodramatic cliché.
a satirist's distorted reflection of today's globe-mastering US, as presided over by a god-fearing Southerner with imperialist tendencies and a penchant for warmongering.
Mr. Maher's arguments against religious irrationality seem to be on the side of the angels. This is a film that is funny and disquieting.
A crowd-pleasing blue-collar comedy, half funny and half sad.
Director Lee min-jae makes good use of the rural locations to tell a story that's as much about the cultural divisions in South Korean society as it is about the undead, but there's no danger of it getting too serious.
A non-flashy but uncommonly savvy film about teenage life that one can only hope finds its rightful audience.
Jack Lemmon, Sandy Dennis, and a gritty New York City make this worth watching.
As such Toy Story in 3D is never overwhelming. Nor is it tedious, as many recent 3D vehicles have come too close for comfort to.
A Baxter of a movie: well meaning and mildly likable, but unlikely to sweep you off your feet.
If you're expecting a shot-by-shot remake of the original movies, you're going to be sorely disappointed. However, this is a safe and exciting adventure for the family.
The entire production is one of collaborative innovation and ingenious filmmaking choices.
A playful, effervescent production, complete with an endearing, tongue-in-cheek tone that gives the director an incredible degree of licence to simply have fun.
Obvious Child might hail from the same grungy sorority as Frances Ha or Lena Dunham's Girls, but it has a bounce and vitality that is inimitably its own.
There are some big laughs here. But just as many huge silences.
The three leads' distinct storylines are metered choppily, there's an illogic to the scene sequence and plotting, and that initial pact, casually arrived at, is suddenly framed as a game-changing bet late in the film.
Someone Great puts a new spin on the rom-com genre with an entertaining romp through NYC as three friends reach turning points in their love lives.
Less a family comedy than a film-length pitch for birth control.
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like "The Addams Family" to everyone looking in... "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" comes from the heart...
Shell shock.
Spending time with these guys is the longest 89 minutes ever.
What Red lacks in incomprehensible muscle-bound meatheads it makes up for in humour, story and action.
Honey, this series is starting to suck!
If only losing it was so good for everybody.
The writers of this movie should be sentenced to a comedy chain gang peeling bananas and making cream pies.
There's no doubt Sandler is talented, but if he persists in believing that, like Elvis, his presence alone covers a multitude of omissions and inconsistencies, he will squander his gift and make a series of forgettable films in the process.
Smoothly entertaining take on the beloved old classic.
While Jack Black deservedly gets most of the credit, it's director Richard Linklater's work with a gaggle of youngsters that makes the difference between success and failure.
Depp and Smith want to put their kids in a big, expensive home movie? Fine. Do it. But show it at home.
Like "How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days," only funnier, fresher. And French.
"When the film does work, which it does with the more comic aspects, it's uproariously funny."
...sees the Farrelly brothers making a virtue of their newfound 'maturity'.
It almost seems like they made things up as they went along.
"Paul" is a science fiction fan's delight, filled with references and situations reminiscent of some iconic favorites.
Liar's doesn't give us much insight into the meaning of his life.
The movie is hopelessly bland.
There's no doubting Miley's boundless energy, but this is strictly for fans - it's not as much fun as you might expect and the message it sends out is confused, to say the least.
Juliet, Naked tries hard but the movie flounders between the streams of lame comedy and the springs of affection.
...ultimately establishes itself as an affable endeavor that benefits substantially from the charismatic work of its two leads.
Monster Hunt is far more engaging as cultural commentary than as entertainment.
It's an amusing concept for a movie but there's nothing for it to stand on. In other words, The Cobbler leaves you wondering, 'Where's the sole?'
The D Train is an original take on the clichéd reunion story we've seen so many times before, but it's not for the faint of heart. This is an intelligent, dark comedy with a hard R rating.
Despicable Me 3 is easily the least interesting film in the trilogy, the fact all involved are having such difficulty coming up with many original ideas speaking volumes.
Sure it falls apart right at the end--but up until that point it's a gem of an underrated comedy.
Dangerfield gets all his celebrity friends to cameo -- and they've never been worse!
It's a terrible, dumb, unimaginative film that really isn't worth the price of a cinema ticket even with ... the excellent Road Runner short that comes before it.
Alas, Gordy is no Charlotte's Web. It's not even a threat to Mr. Ed.
The year's most unpleasant movie.
Carrey's shtick is beginning to seem tired.
A nasty, cynical, and outrageously funny look at racism and xenophobia framed around a pot-driven food run.
Serves up heaping helpings of everything fans loved about the first.
Funny, haunting and thought-provoking.
Mel Brooks' first and best!
The Cannibal Club has some successful elements, the lack of tension in the plot results in a rather forgettable film.
I got very emotional during certain scenes because of Victor and Sparky's relationship. They have such a great relationship and dog lovers will definitely feel that connection the whole time. Burton's best movie since Big Fish.
There are a couple of good performances and a few funny bits, but mostly the film just bounces back and forth until coming to a flat, trite close.
Wong is a unique, subversive voice.
Christopher Reeve was working on when he died, and they had to finish it for him, right? He should have had a better monument than this.
Golmaal 4, if Shetty is planning one, would need serious comic reinvention.
A Mighty Wind keeps the comedy in tune. Even the flat humor comes off witty and sharp.
A love letter to Paris, a valentine to the fine art of cooking, and a gift to film fans of all ages.
For those willing to give it an honest chance Ghostbusters is a decent frivolous bit of summer blockbuster escapism. Nothing to be afraid of with that at all.
A bright and sharp-witted -- if predictable -- romantic comedy.
Who knew this would be the pinnacle of Pia Zadora's career?
Ratatouille represents another step forward for Pixar - not just on a technical level, but on an artistic one as well. Every location and character is vividly conceived and realized.
The puppet work is brilliant, the jokes (however tasteless) are often funny, and McCarthy and Barretta have a strong chemistry.
Is its purported idiocy put to a worthwhile use, or is this just another stale retreat of MADtv?
If you can fully get on Anderson's wavelength you may find this film transportive. I, however, thought it was far too quaint.
Exceedingly juvenile and strained of any colorful imagination not to mention hopelessly lame, RV is a colossally clunky vehicle in every sense of the word.
While Hathaway is terrific, and that aforementioned metaphor is smart, [Colossal tangles] up in small-scale business that's harder to believe than the kaiju action on the other side of the planet.
It's all borrowed: the characters, the plot, the predictable "bad" tunes. Even Megamind's ensembles look to have been raided from Maleficent's closet. Not so Mega, but rather, Mild.
The film is peppered with interesting true-life details, but these are overwhelmed by frantic comedic sequences.
Approaching the complexities of adult life and the strife of facing the past in such a shallow fashion dulls both the comedy and drama.
Murphy is no more capable of portraying an authentic cop than he is of going to the grocery store without a posse of Hollywood hangers-on.
Kutcher is a credible and potent leading man with an easy address to the camera. He carries off the movie with some style.
A very unappealing animated feature about Babe Ruth, baseball, and family values.
Stick with the first one.
It's sweet, charming, quirky, imaginative, poignant, and whimsical. Just what a Wes Anderson film should be.
An accumulation of clumsiness and jokes. [Full review in Spanish]
And that honesty comes down to Fisher's performance. The brilliant sound design helps punctuate her spot-on comedic timing, but the drama is hers alone.
Many filmmakers throughout the years have tried to figure out how to make a live-action cartoon; Joe Dante, with this film, is the only man that got it 100% right.
Stone gives a terrific performance, her knowing drawl implying intellect and indifference with underlying warmth.
Just when things look dire in Dead Man's Chest, Depp makes like Harry Houdini and gets himself -- and the movie -- out of trouble.
It's just frustrating that Holmes and Watson has a handful of moments of genuine comic lunacy - a seconds-long Elephant Man cameo is inspired - but all they really do is highlight the laziness and lack of laughs in the rest of the film.
More charming and sweetly calibrated than one might expect... It's a welcome change of pace from Roth, who shows a dimensionality previously undetected.
Though Recess, the feature film, is far from innovative, it is agreeable.
This zillionth comedy about a guy who learns valuable lessons from his time as a woman is remarkably lacking in inspiration.
If you can overlook the Duplass' signature crash zooms and affectations of self-awareness, there's a lot to love here.
The Good Dinosaur is the animation behemoth Pixar at its most formulaic and uninspired.
It's a guilty pleasure of a superhero movie that feels as naughty and as reckless as its central character intends. In that regard, it's mission more than accomplished.
Perros y Gatos es una pelcula 100% para nios; me refiero a verdaderos nios, es decir, menores de diez aos.
Even by the standards of grueling animal sidekicks in trite animated pictures, the talking animals of Wonder Park are a wretched, hateful lot.
Sandler barely expends any energy trotting out the "average dude who shakes up stodgy high society" schtick, and director Steven Brill and scripter Tim Herlihy follow lazy suit.
Mostly it's all poop picnics, blue barf, and Urkel (Jaleel White) playing a banjo.
What the movie doesn't see is that by exhuming old genre references, its ethos become only as good as whoever's onscreen.
[Spider Baby is] one of those lurid, macabre, amusingly exaggerated B-horror movies beloved by the psychotronic/Joe Bob Briggs crowds.
Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
Misses more comic targets than it hits.
Overflowing with heart, vibrant color, thrilling adventure, and with a bold new protagonist to add to the Disney canon, Pixar's "Brave" is a wonderfully unique spin on the classic princess tale.
"Break Point" looks good, and it has a big serve, but it's hard to love wholeheartedly.
They had to pull me kicking and screaming INTO the theater.
The animation is eye-popping. And the co-mingling of 'toons and people is dazzling.
Very likeable and enjoyable for the most part, even endearing; the film stumbles a bit in the telling. Hitch just barely swings into a B+ on charm.
The plot is daft - Mexicans are out for Mike's blood - but it's knowingly daft and even minor characters manage to shine. Not bad. Not bad at all.
A delightful, involving comedy with a little suspense and action thrown in. Vin Diesel is surprisingly sensitive and comedic as a tough, lonely warrior turned paterfamilias.
The Oh in Ohio has a light, scampy spirit that rides to its rescue, often enough.
Une comédie efficace mais somme toute convenue...
The whole thing is out-and-out tinsel-dunked tat, but oddly honourable with it - the Christmas spirit might be just a few steps up from bathtub grade, but it still packs a kick.
An uneven satire boosted by a larger-than-life performance from Brad Pitt.
There's something about the character design chosen by director and writer Jill Culton that doesn't really serve the story. They've made the young yeti into a cross between a slobbering St. Bernard, an albino pug, and polyvinyl chew toy.
Williams and Crystal often supply, through their ad libs, what the writers may have left out.
A seasonally pegged 3D cartoon bore that sets the bar so low, it could give a slug a concussion.
Kevin James is hard not to like. He's a big, goofy, personable doofus better suited for a half-an-hour TV show like The King of Queens than trying to carry a 90-minute movie.
Is the fish fresh?...Shark Tale believes it can foist off high-speed energy in the place of wit.
Wait to watch this at home so you can use the 'clapper' to turn the movie off when you get to the parts you've seen before... when it was Throw Momma From The Train.
Given the shortage of dancing and soaring vocal melodies...Minnelli must lean heavily on personality and a spectacle defined by the pageantry of historic locations, sets and costumes. [Blu-ray]
This movie's weakness is disgusting to me.
Maybe Early Man isn't Aardman's best work, but it's so wholeheartedly kind and clever that it's impossible not to embrace the ride.
So winning, it's easy to forgive it for its too-sunny outlook on dysfunction.
Perfect material, you might think, for Terry Gilliam's brain of perpetual invention. But despite occasional flashes of dark genius, he hasn't laid a golden egg.
Ralph Breaks the Internet is a bit like Deadpool 2 in that, while the element of surprise is lost, the film is far funnier than its predecessor.
The problem with Smurfs 2 isn't the message, it's the way the film repeats it so baldly and emphatically that even the youngest kids can get it.
I doubt there will be a funnier action film all summer.
"Think Like a Man Too" ultimately rests on the charm of its cast, an appealing mix of 30- and 40-somethings. Had this been a batch of 20-year-olds, the movie might have come across more crass, more frat party.
After a second viewing at a better theater, I feel this movie is more fresh than rotten. The stunning visuals are slightly better than the unoriginal plot and horrendous dialogue.
Though the cast partially eschews the family-friendly timidity that the film defers to in the end, this would-be wild thing remains little more than a rowdy endorsement of the status quo.
If only the set-up was half as amusing as the payoff.
... a nearly complete triumph that emphasizes the old school musical virtues of fine singing and choreography over MTV-style razzle-dazzle edits and showy vocal gymnastics.
A bit curate's eggy, sometimes funny and always goodlooking, but neither a particularly good tribute to a great playwright nor a comedy with much weight behind it.
Embracing change is key in this fun, frenetic return.
A noteworthy achievement in freaks-and-geeks cinema and often reminscent of the work of Rhode Island's famed Farrelly brothers.
It's not nearly as good as the first Deadpool, but it's definitely worth seeing and 100-percent a good movie...a refreshing sequel that will keep this franchise around a long time.
Eleanor Coppola serves it up as nice and light as a sweet French pastry until it finally falls flat in an unfulfilling final act.
Desperately unfunny. Should have stayed on the shelf.
A killer comedy with a vicious sense of humor. The running undead look fantastic and are dispatched in a never-ending, ever-evolving innovative shopping list of carnage. You'll applaud every crunch.
It's mostly very crude, often very funny and a little bit smarter than you might otherwise think.
There's plenty of fresh fun to be found.
The filmmakers clearly believe that their tangled storyline is madcap and delightful, but each new complication just serves to make us feel as though the blessed end of the movie is creeping further and further away.
One of the great 1980s action films. It's also one of the most 1980s action films.
A snappy animated comedy with a lovely, gooey, sentimental heart.
The third Despicable Me film chronologically is also the third-best in terms of quality. But it has just enough energy and flashes of inspiration to suggest it's a franchise that could run and run.
Surprisingly sophisticated riff on animated fairy-tale movie cliches.
The duo... deliver two terrific performances and transform this into a fabulous female buddy comedy, even managing to subvert the inevitable musical number and makeover scene.
Ferrell's character comedies spoof NASCAR, figure-skating and so on; but these films also reveal a sincere, envious love and fascination for the cultures and skills they mimic. These are wish-fulfillment movies...
It's kind of amazing with all the anthropomorphizing that goes on in animated movies that there hasn't been a movie with the exact premise of The Secret Life of Pets before now. And it's a shame that premise wasn't better executed.
Isle of Dogs is ... delightful entertainment, start to finish, and a beautiful story well told. Pass the dinner dish, please; I'll take seconds.
..."Scary Movie 3" is not without its problems...
Sausage Party is quintessential Rogen, offering no more and no less than we have come to expect.
Despite the welcome and hilarious presence of Kate McKinnon, the action scenes overwhelm the comedy in this uneven movie that can't decide what it really wants to be.
If NC-17 is going to stick around, I propose its counterpart at the other end of the spectrum: A rating to protect prospective viewers from films that are only for very childish children.
Black Sheep is essentially a silly, grisly elaboration of a simple idea: What if sheep started feasting on human flesh and turning their victims into huge ovine zombies?
A little Jack Black goes a long, long way!
In her sharp script, Miller channels the bubbly spirit of rom-coms while also gently subverting them.
Not for the weak of heart or stomach, this one is worth a look for truly brave movie fans. People with delicate constitutions shouldn't even get close.
Bing, Bob, Dottie, a talking camel, and great songs
it's difficult to imagine anyone who won't be thoroughly entertained by this terrific family adventure.
Levy knows better to simply stay out of the dynamic duo's way and let them do their proven thing.
A talented cast is completely wasted.
Aside from a hilarious set piece involving a cat/tranquilliser dart interface and a vaguely entertaining Russian Mafia subplot, this is tired stuff which should have stayed at home.
There are a couple of subplots just wedged in there at the end...this just isn't the movie it could've been, but I still had some fun watching it.
Like most sequels Men in Black 2 doesn't compare to the original.
It has neither a cynic's conviction nor idealist's perseverance, and its ideas about what a woman wants seem cribbed from bad paperback fiction.
Violence and profanity in unfunny, dated '80s comedy.
This DreamWorks film is not the sliced-bread marvel it has spent an enormous amount of money pretending to be. But it must be said that Seinfeld's script is a thing of wonder.
Ferrell is capable of a great deal more than he's been delivering. It might surprise him to learn that white men can jump. But first they have to try.
There's a certain wacky humor that pervades this thing, if you can get past the several homophobic jokes and the pile of bathroom humor.
Funniest film of the year so far? Yes. Has it had much mainstream competition for that title? No.
Putrid and completely unfunny, 'Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star' is a torturous exercise for a viewer. I can't count the times I wanted to walk out of this ghastly excuse for a movie. Still, I stayed with it. I just couldn't bring myself to leave.
The highlight is when Stu makes like some weird love child of Gilligan and MacGyver and crafts a radio out of a coconut, a razor and a pen.
Predictable romcom will appeal most to adults.
Bright spy spoof.
A kid's comedy classic.
The film belongs to Tomlin and Garner, who spark off one another in a way that makes this a captivating watch.
This film is familiar territory to director Howard ("Parenthood") but, as always, he finds a way to get the right performances from his actors...
Despite the film's playfulness, it's still quite clear that we're in the hands of a master who takes the work seriously, if not the material or his characters.
Wickedly funny, ceaselessly inventive, and never boring.
Wacky film makes smoking, teen fetish part of the joke.
One of the classic American romance stories
Every frame drips with Jackson's moviemaking fever.
If The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was the cinematic equivalent of a comforting chicken tikka masala ready meal, then its sequel has been left in the freezer too long and reheated to lukewarm.
There is too much fighting gymnastics and too little of the story development.
The Robin Williams you love. A very entertaining movie and a showcase for the brilliant Robin Williams.
A failed, would-be cult item with funny cameos.
Improvisation is definitely The Watch-word, with Vaughn and Hill in particular winging just about every line they speak - most of them filthy, few of them funny.
A potentially cute comedy spoiled by a weird mean streak.
Visually it's absolutely stunning, the colorful world of the Internet universe is mesmerizing, and the way the characters are 'transported' from one site to another is so fun and clever!
It's no Match Point, last year's drama widely considered to be Woody Allen's return to form, but Scoop is definitely one of his strongest comedies in years.
The resulting aural authenticity makes for a nice contrast with the look of the actual figurines, which aren't realistic but have been beautifully crafted and posed throughout the picture.
Perhaps what's so surprising about 1997's Wag the Dog is how the political satire feels so realistic over twenty years following its theatrical release.
It's not the end of American cinema, but it may signal either the end of Ben Stiller's ambitions or the launch of a vendetta against his fans.
We could have been subjected to yet another tale about one-hit wonders and band egos, but this is a straight-up satire of the music world today and the marketing behind it.
Quietly heartbreaking ... Breaks down notions of age and status and turns the world into a big mess of people just trying to get by one moment at a time.
But for the time I was in the theater I did have a good time, and in the case of Black Sheep that's more than enough tasty mutton to warrant a mint sauce recommendation.
If you know what Smurfs are, you've only got yourself to blame.
Featuring the production values of a commercial for a local used-car dealership in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Super Capers is a pathetic grab bag of spoofs.
This time they've added some heart and insight and cut back on the gross-out humor.
A slick and clean cut piece of slacker comedy with great production and a fun sound track but sadly lacking in edginess.
For each silly gag or joke that works in Scary Movie 3, there are at least 10 more that don't.
The best movie of the year so far.
A couple of good laughs, but mostly a big mess.
Director and co-writer Laurent Tirard's pleasant but tame approach to his birth-of-a-major-world-dramatist portrait has its virtues.
While the follow-ups became increasingly puerile as the series went on, the original film produced its fair share of belly laughs.
...the film's tedium is such that by the time the final credits rolled, I felt much sorrier for myself than I did for [Faris].
It's still relatively early in 2007, but this wry comedy about sheep gone baaaaad promises to be the best vampire-flesh-eating livestock movie of the year.
Chan puts his heart and soul into the part of Big Soldier, and it's a reminder that there is more to the actor than Hollywood cinemagoers may have witnessed.
Delivers the kind of warm, familiar mixed brew of romance, humor, light drama, and pleasant character interaction that has made many of Ryan's similar endeavors successful box office performers.
Who among Generation X doesn't like-love-Ferris Bueller?
Furry Vengeance is heavy on eco-moralizing and poop jokes but a little short on likable two-legged characters.
Light as air, My Name Is Bruce is good for a mild chuckle, not a belly laugh. As any Campbell fan knows, managing expectations is key to getting the most from his work.
Pera ap' to concept toy, kai dyotreis eksarseis stin ekseliksi toy, par' oti fainetai polla yposhomeno to Black Sheep den ehei na dosei kai polla oyte sti splateria oyte stin komodia poy prepei na pantrepsei
Hoffman and Streisand provide some laughs in this sequel to Meet the Parents but the screenplay lacks comic zest.
The end result is that Tiny Furniture plays like situation comedy, but with an overlay of performance art.
Valentine's Day is so desperate to keep all the characters alive, it's like those Russian jugglers who run around, trying to keep all their plates spinning on poles.
If the race were on to find 2016's best stupid buddy-caper comedy, Central Intelligence just took an early lead.
This is not a musical. It's a bold attempt to paint a bizarre American landscape. This movie does what some painters try to do: It recasts ordinary images into strange new shapes.
Chock full of gut-busting, stomach-churning laughs. It's just not likely to stick with you afterward.
Some movies are Hollywood's version of littering: Like half-eaten pizzas or rancid burgers, these flicks are tossed aside to rot in empty cinemas.
Hardly deserving of 13 Oscar nominations and 7 Oscars, this film is nevertheless an entertaining bit of fluff.
Shaun of the Dead will appeal to audiences of all ages and tastes, and is a fine example of British comedy done well.
Apart from the interesting premise and the novelty of seeing so many famous cartoon characters together on the screen, I was overall disappointed and it completely failed to live up to my memory.
A lovely toon destined to join the Mouse House's best-loved classics.
American Wedding has the decided taste of day-old bakery -- although, of course, that could just be some errant body fluid.
The spirited combination of Black and Blanchett along with gorgeous production and costume design make this an entertaining family adventure.
This animated action-adventure doesn't have a particularly memorable or impressive look or story, but it has a great personality.
A raucously hysterical romp by some seriously twisted filmmakers.
The film's humor ranges from the wonderfully intellectual to snarky movie and theater in-jokes, from sight gags to rapid-fire, reference-laden dialogue.
...the movie belongs to its women.
Aside from uncensored profanity and unpixelated nudity, the Reno 911!: Miami never really stretches its legs, and instead often feels more like a stretched-out half-hour episode.
Less of a movie and more a collection of 1980s teen movie cliches.
The film is missing heart and consistent humor and becomes a failed attempt to keep the franchise going.
While the reference-filled dialogue delivery is as slick as ever in the latest flick, the tarnish is really starting to show, with fewer big laughs and some surprisingly average visuals.
Lovely stuff all around.
First-time director Sean Mewshaw and screenwriter Desi Van Til - they're married - have decided, intriguingly, to craft a movie about loss and letting go. And they've done so with uncommon humor and heart.
. . . the Andrew Dice Clay concert film, is unlikely to compel its repulsive star to further heights.
Inside Dennis Dugan's uncertainly staged, awkwardly sentimental Problem Child is another movie fighting to get out-one that's much meaner and probably more interesting.
The dead weight that Kate McKinnon has to lift in this lumbering spy farce would sink a lesser talent. Not McKinnon. She's a livewire.
Really, the experience of "Elaine Stritch: Shoot Me" is the experience of being in Stritch's company for 80 minutes, and that's fine. Still I doubt anyone will walk out of this film wishing it were 10 minutes longer.
Fresh, clever and squeal-level funny, Zootopia was just as brilliant on second viewing and no doubt will be for repeat ad nausea.
like a Valentine's Day present from Adam Sandler - if he hated us, each and every one
The pure malevolence of the movie has to be appreciated on some level (not even one of the family pets lives to see daylight).
SJP's superficial balancing act predictably collapses.
A movie in which the dead air that follows bad jokes sometimes threatens to swallow its actors whole.
It's a film that toes the line of mediocrity while also mildly subverting those tropes, which is basically all you can ask for in this particular season of movie releases.
Even the film's mild, candy-coated satire is eventually jettisoned in favor of an earnest plea for tolerance and letting people be who they are.
wrong on so many levels that the mind boggles
This is the kind of movie that its participants refer to in small, dismissive groans at reunion parties.
It's refreshing to see a kids' film taking on such sinister subject matter.
Sociopolitically charged and boasted by fantastic performances, the film is creatively, technically and narratively superb.
An incredibly emotional ensemble piece, perfectly matching laughter and tears, "This Is Where I Leave You" is the first official Oscar contender of the fall.
The Farrellys are thorough in making sure each phase of matter - gas, solid, liquid - is represented via bodily-excretion gags.
The movie gleefully pushes boundaries, but it's a collection of a few worthy skit ideas and lots of non-starters in search of a unified whole.
He shoots simultaneously for 'wake up, America!' inspiration and good ol' boy charm but ends up putting both barrels through his own cowboy-booted foot.
If you're in search for a way to ogle Megan Fox's body, there are a lot better ways to do it than subjecting yourself to this.
It's a bouncy, funny picture that I enjoyed -- one that mostly eludes the perils of sequelitis and spinoff-itis, a lusty comedy about the importance of looking good and getting the right scissors in the right hands.
It's a jumbled purpose in a film that is otherwise rambling conversation with some grand old names.
The story is pitted with the type of holes that suggest the film went into production with an uncorrected first draft.
It's a fun and cheesy little time killer with a twisted villain that will likely spawn some fans...
An acerbic comedy by David Mamet set in a small New England town where some ethically challenged filmmakers are shooting a movie about the "search for purity."
A wonderfully, witty satire, with Steiger's performance a riot.
No one will argue that Semi-Pro isn't crude and lewd. Thanks to Ferrell and his cast of crazies, however, it plays the lowbrow genre like an all-pro.
veryone, even the dithering ex-husband, is infuriatingly lovable, and while Home Again has its comic moments, its characters are overwhelmed by the saccharine fumes of Meyers-Shyer's screenplay.
A charming, only mildly subversive addition to the director's canon.
Its willingness to try anything, do anything, and say anything is a breath of fresh air.
A cheerfully chaotic jumble of fairy tale and nursery rhyme characters parachuted into a Spanish storybook setting.
Depardieu is solid, but this movie fails to hold the audience's interest.
Audiences will be hard-pressed to find a more satisfying or enjoyable entertainment than this splendid Celtic feast for the eyes and the ears.
There mayn't have been a funnier screenplay this year -- but the laughs are bitter ones.
Surprisingly amiable.
It's really bloody and really fun.
I go take seven aspirin for my current headache, I do need to let you know that there's a whole other actually funny movie going on inside this one, struggling to come out.
Bernie is dark, unique satire heightened by blurring lines between truth and fiction and just about the funniest film I've seen this year.
[Klapisch's] faith in love is tempered by a clear-eyed understanding of just how much it demands of lovers.
If you've ever been turned off by Davidson on Saturday Night Live, he may well earn your respect back again.
The real house rule for this film is: No one over the age of 14 should see this movie.
Somewhat confusing but funny and Channing Tatum dance routine tops!
All of this happens in jolly animation with bright colors and is ever so much more entertaining than you are probably imagining.
Clever, wildly entertaining West Virginia-set heist comedy-a terrific entertainment described as an "Ocean's 7-Eleven" inside the movie itself...warmly empathetic embrace of its economically dismissed characters... wears its kindly politics on its sleeve
All you need is love and some great Beatles tunes to create a summer musical delight, and that is what Danny Boyle and Richard Curtis have done with Yesterday.
The third installment does succeed, almost accidentally. [Full Review in Spanish]
Its backgrounds ... have a vibrancy, and its atmosphere carries a warmth. And even after it's done, both linger, just a bit -- like a perfectly struck guitar chord.
Visually it's special, but while the characters may inhabit a wonderful environment, they just don't inhabit a satisfying narrative.
Misfire comedy starring Dreyfuss, directed by Mazursky.
With her debut as director, [director Lorene] Scafaria has created something really unique.
In the tradition of Mighty Ducks, here's another great Rocky story from Disney.
It's Porky's with passports.
If you're in the mood for a delightful, middle-aged romantic comedy, this is your ticket. It's a glossy holiday confection that's chock full of laughter.
I never thought that a movie with a terrible song playing like the "Monkeyrena" would actually keep me entertained and make me laugh, but it did. It still has nothing on Wall-E.
Bullock and McCarthy have terrific chemistry and elevate the simple-minded material with their riffing and adept physical comedy.
Part coming-of-age love story and part rousing movie musical, Valley Girl is a delightfully cheesy remake set to some of the best tunes from the '80s.
What distinguishes this, Eddie Murphy's worst movie, from other alleged comedies is that its dollar-to-laughs ratio might be a record setter -- although computations involving the number zero do tend to get complicated.
Abominable is my sleeper animated feature of the year that everyone should see. You'll come out feeling greatly entertained and happy.
Slackers is particularly disappointing because there seems to be a dark and subversive streak to the film that sadly got buried in the slipshod editing.
I really have no idea if the premise of the film is historically correct, but I don't think it matters. One thing for sure is that war, in this case, the aftermath of war, is hell and this movie makes a strong case for that truism.
Novel and vivaciously performed.
Consistently funny, with a few surprises
With only an occasional laugh here and there, this is just another of the many stinky comedies to come around in years.
For less ambitious bird watchers, these details may be fascinating... but for most of us, it's strictly for the birds.
This isn't one for the ages, but it'll do for a Saturday night.
Tomorrow Ever After is a really, truly, inescapably bad movie, primarily due to its director and star Ela Thier spreading herself far, far too thin in its production. Some filmmaker/actors can direct themselves. Thier cannot.
The screenplay by Richard Curtis keeps one step ahead of that unpleasant truth during the first stretch of the movie... But when [Jack's] career takes him across the Atlantic for grooming as a superstar, the movie has nowhere to go and sputters badly.
If you aren't going to make the movie funny, you could at least make the title appropriate.
The film becomes incredibly sentimental towards the end -- despite the fact that it absolutely hasn't earned the right to do so.
The actors, pros one and all, operate in some weird, bubbly dimension that is someone's notion of how people behave in romantic comedies.
Role Models is Rudd's first screenplay credit, and to that all we can say is, what on earth took so long?
A very funny and touching family drama about the wisdom that often comes not with success but with failure.
The adjective in the title of Fantastic Mr. Fox doesn't lie: Director Wes Anderson's adaptation of Roald Dahl's best-selling children's book about a family of foxes is absolutely fantastic. And fantastically strange, too ...
The perkiness with a capital P, gorgeous set and great color can't completely salvage an occasionally strong cast and middling story (and don't forget a lousy, if literal, title).
Tracy and Hepburn turn in unforgettable performances.
As a filmmaker, Turturro evokes a sense of this community that's surprisingly nuanced and rich.
Russell Brand, the genuinely funny talent upon which this misbegotten remake is hung, brings his manic energy, but neither he nor Oscar-winner Helen Mirren can resurrect Arthur from a laugh-deficient fate.
[I]f you measure your age in two or more digits, then flip a coin to decide who has to endure it with the youngsters.
Escola de Rock já havia acabado há mais de meia hora quando percebi que continuava a sorrir - um sinal inequívoco de que o filme funcionara maravilhosamente bem.
Bursting with energy, excitement and humour while finding a tone that'll have kids and adults alike rolling in the aisles, Over the Hedge is the first of this year's classic animations, destined to be remembered for years to come.
What was really clicking in a sort of Albert Brooks meets Woody Allen sort of way suddenly runs out of steam, the laughs still there just now fewer and much further between.
An entertaining film full of predictable situations that can be sometimes boring. [Full review in Spanish]
The new feature film has some of the charm of the small-screen original, but it lacks the sustained goofiness of the series.
Disappointing comedy that struggles to overcome the combination of unlikeable characters, a poorly judged, largely unfunny script and a distinct lack of chemistry between the leads.
The Kentucky Fried Movie misses as often as it hits, but when the writers and Landis arrive at a great idea ... it's like watching an entire fruitful comic perspective being spawned.
A restless movie that gets distracted as easily as the Minions themselves.
It is clear that the dream cast members are all enjoying themselves immensely, but that does not translate into much fun for the audience.
Simon Pegg is a funny man who can make any movie better with his performance, but not this one.
An action-comedy that takes the bankrupt Bond genre out for a fresh and subversive airing.
It has tentacles and hot wheels, yes, but not the legs or bright ideas to sustain itself.
I'm ready to forget I ever saw it.
There are few more gratifying moments in recent movies than Hawn forthrightly telling Rush, "I'm going to smoke. Endure it," as she plops down into a chair, crosses her legs, and lights up.
Though Creep doesn't exactly reinvent the found-footage form, Brice knows the genre well enough to do a little tweaking.
Bridesmaids is, in equal parts, bawdy and authentic, all the way through.
A few moments of inspired comedic genius spread throughout a sophomoric, disturbingly irresponsible little comedy.
This film is so bizarre that not only is it absolutely hysterical to watch, but it's also tense and frightening and one could probably benefit from a small break halfway through the film just to collect yourself.
Wayne's World 2 is mostly just mining the same pop culture terrain as its far more worthy predecessor.
In all its binge-drinking, profanity-laced, vomit-soaked glory, the film's stupefying lack of self-awareness ends up being its biggest enemy.
Kids will love it, but adults may find it flat.
This group of utterly unfunny, un-pretty groomsmen-weirdos is truly a sight to exorcise out of your mind immediately.
Patch Town finally displays a degraded cultural sensitivity that makes something as wretched as The Love Guru seem learned.
The Princess and the Frog is a beautifully vibrant film where every single character shines; not just the leads. Keith David voices a perfect villain.
Trust me, it's a blast!
Why do we have to have jokes about spitting and flatulence and other vulgarisms in a movie aimed at children?
There's an interesting premise here. It's just poorly executed.
The principle behind the humor in "The Watch" seems to be: When in doubt, mention testicles.
10's tossed-off quality keeps it from greatness, but it also distinguishes it from the great mass of contemporary comedies smoothed to a shiny, edgeless formula. [Blu-ray]
...an early favorite on 2002 top ten "worst" lists. I think I laughed. Once. Maybe not.
It's so jam-packed with gags that the movie leaves the audience feeling a little bewildered along the way, since we never get a chance to lock into either the story or characters before we're off for another manic set-piece. But it's a lot of fun.
Dwayne Johnson turns Kevin Hart into his straight man
There's potential here, but the script is entirely too, shall we say, Hollywood. There's even a dog-poop joke.
Even with its $50-million US budget, Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture.
The lack of character arc for Sudekis and the missing brain cells for Day's character undermine what could have been the best comedy of the year.
The film's comedy is loose and generous, and its esprit de corps sneaks up on you with a soft tread.
Tunes strives for the surrealism of Roger Rabbit, yet delivers the entertainment equivalent of life inside a pinball machine.
Basically it's a movie old people will think is delightful with a nonthreatening Jack Black and only one bad word.
Manages to be such a pleasant little souffl of a movie that it's hard not to like it on its own terms.
Though the result is desperately trendy, it's also seriously short on innovation, coasting mostly on the fumes of previous, and better, indie-fare.
The LEGO Batman Movie delivers a deliriously fun ride that likely to stand up surprisingly well amongst the rest of this year's superhero films.
Some generally witty lines are trampled by many more that are neither clever nor funny.
Milks its midnight-movie aesthetic for all it is worth, mixing obviously fake gore and over-the-top violence with macabre, pop-culture humor.
When they're not risking their lives with exciting spy maneuvers, Blaster works out to Lady Gaga and Juarez updates her Facebook page. Okay, so maybe G-Force is just a tad self-consciously 'hip.' [Blu-ray]
A laugh-a-minute movie ... [and] a very cute family film.
Gregory and Huyck don't go far in exploring the weirdness and emotional difficulty that a group of lifelong friends might create in sleeping together -- they want so much for a carefree holiday from such concerns.
Good performances can't save a very derivative film.
Low midrange in the Master's oeuvre.
Mow your lawn, go swimming, play videogames or get a flu shot instead - at least then your mind will be more engaged and you'll stay healthy and active.
Rosenthal's fine sense of humor is amplified by his narrative ability. Educational, instructive, funny...should be required viewing as a primer for doing business in Russia.
Arguably Burton's most self-assured turn behind the camera in ages.
"Grandma" is a brisk, moving, bittersweet film that displays the singular talents of Lily Tomlin -- especially her ability to fuse acerbic and cranky with empathic and sincere ...
Mom and Dad is a mess that doesn't quite work, but it's the kind of mess that's just good enough that it should be great.
Staged like stale Broadway theater, something has gone awry between the stage and the screen.
All the innocence of the Beethoven film series but with more dogs.
"This will be a game night to remember," intones a character, early on in the film; this isn't true, as I've already forgotten most of this movie despite having taken notes.
Tampopo is one of the great food films, its dizzy deliciousness pre-dating our addiction to the Food Network, celebrity chefs and exquisite plating.
Watching a Solondz film has never been a particularly easy experience, yet Weiner Dog offers a droll playfulness not seen since Welcome to the Dollhouse.
Most who see this will just want to see a princess movie, and a solid one is what they'll get.
Directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Dana Fox, who also wrote the excruciating The Wedding Date, this film often seems improvised, and not in a good way. Some setups go nowhere, and some jokes never get set up at all.
There's also a weird sense of laziness with 50 First Dates that impedes a lot of the humor and much of the heart.
The brilliance of the voice work, script, direction and animation all serve to make Shrek an adorable, infectious work of true sophistication.
Twenty minutes in, we know where the movie is going and, as a result, it loses momentum in the final half-hour.
Chris Sanders and Dean Deblois have crafted such a smart and sassy tale, it would have been solid even if the central characters were stick figures.
What we get is more of the same from Ferrell -- funny faces, goofy accents, pratfalls aplenty -- and that ain't bad. It just could have been a lot better.
An enjoyable, if vastly underachieving, diversion.
If Pryor, whose influence is so obvious here, was the big wheel, Griffin is something stuck between the treads.
Capable, agreeable, and also predictable.
Monster Trucks has neither the gloss nor the tongue-in-cheek sensibility of, say, the most recent Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie.
The big-screen Mamma Mia! rises above its flaws through an A-list leading lady and, like its stage-musical predecessor, skillful exploitation of the both fun and pathos in Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus' undeniable music.
A fairly unoriginal movie which exasperates any opportunities for comedy, with the end results being run of the mill and slightly contrived.
Judd Apatow continues to turn his comedies into meditations on life, sometimes funny and sometimes tragic.
The way this comedy has been edited by Peter S. Elliot, presumably at the urging of director Tim Story, the shots barely hold themselves for two or three seconds before slam-cutting away to a pushy reaction shot.
It's cruel and creepy, not funny.
...has its share of effective moments - most of which come courtesy of star Will Arnett...
Splatter comedy meets comic splatter in this brash crossover film that puts seven white-collar workers in the scary wilds of Hungary where psycho killer Russian ex-military lurk.
There's no quarrelling with the theme, and the laughs are gentle and surprisingly tasteful.
While zombie comedies have been done, ahem, to death after the success of Shaun Of The Dead, this time the laughs - and blood - flow thick and fast.
Anyone hoping for the lean meat of the fast, furious, and riotously funny Shaun of the Dead or even the popcorn fancy of the lesser Hot Fuzz will do best to look elsewhere.
Younger audiences are, or soon will be, entering the world wide web with eyes as fresh as Ralph's. Such frankness with important messages feels endearing.
A misfire of spectacular proportions.
Galifianakis in particular carries the film with his "between Two Ferns" schtick. His tone of voice and delivery suits his character perfectly and reminds me of the first time I saw Shrek. It's the same vibe - namely bloody good.
While the plot may seem to be of the 'simplicity itself' variety, it is routinely obscured, either intentionally or unintentionally, by Ritchie's stylistic choices.
It must try all manner of bizarre/obscene/silly things to sustain itself beyond stating the obvious about celebrity excess.
Wright keeps the cast and the film rigidly in line for such a wild ride, and it works.
Lauren Lapkus, who till now has mostly languished in supporting roles, is generously given space to shine - and she is resplendent.
Not only a glove-fit of a movie for the volcanic Black, School Of Rock proves a surprisingly deft foray into pure, unadulterated fun for the gifted indie smart guy Linklater.
Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
The worst thing about this film, a prize for which there is hefty competition, is its portrayal of Africa.
this time around, Rodriguez is vying for Father of the Year
This Island Earth is actually a GOOD movie ... For the first (and last) MST motion picture, the honor should have gone to a universally acknowledged turkey like Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster or Ed Wood's immortal Plan 9 from Outer Space.
There's an air of acceptance throughout the film, but the movie never stops to stand at a pulpit and preach this message.
Takes a clever concept and cobbles a weak story around it.
In some ways this one is the sweetest, most appealing of the three films. And not too surprisingly, it may be the raunchiest.
The excessive runtime, repetitive antics, cringeworthy cameos and tediously formulaic denouement means that a film that feels like a fun splash-about at the outset is itself in dire need of rescue by the end.
Good for more than its share of riotous laughs if a bit disjointed, The Dictator's timely material and Baron Cohen's outrageous, perceptive humour carry the day, with the comedian's fearlessness evident if not as keenly focused as it could be.
It's the same bawdy British humour as the Ali G movie, and there's more inspiration in the gags from Jackass. .
An unevenly fun and cute film.
Martial arts genius aside, it's the film's warm-heartedness that has really given it its staying power, charming generation after generation of fans. This is a simple story told well, and it gets results.
Brigsby Bear has such a goofy sense of humor and affection for its premise that its uneven narrative is sometimes only as frustrating as a little static on an old VHS.
Despite borrowing virtually eery rom-com plot device, screenwriter Pete Chiarelli keeps the dialogue crisp and witty.
Three gags miss for every one that hits.
Politics aside, The Hunting Party is a breezy, occasionally bumpy ride that ultimately becomes a satisfying journey.
Hit-and-miss comedy.
Perhaps Reitman was so desperate to create the next Ghostbusters and to take advantage of Duchovny's X-Files appeal that he forgot to read the embarrassingly awful script.
Even the harshest critic has to recognize the sheer unbridled joy of their ignorance.
Critters Attack! perfectly captures the look and feel of the previous Critters films, but that isn't necessarily a good thing. If you come for the practical effects and ignore the story, you'll find something a little magic.
[The Fabulous] Moolah's relationship with her fellow wrestlers gives this documentary a touch of All About Eve.
Squeezes out some weak laughs amid alternating scenes of gross behaviour and sickly sweet male bonding confessionals.
It is a sweet-but-average movie saved only by the sheer on-screen magic of its three Oscar-winning stars.
Spice World is a disjointed mess. Loved the girls, hated the movie.
A lot of skilled professionals have been hired to do a professional job, and they have, but at no point does it feel alive or give anyone reason to spend time on it.
Captures the complete exhaustion of parenthood in funny and profound fashion.
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel.
It's a ramshackle movie at best, stuffed with cliches, cartoonish yet visually inert, a plea for non-conformity that never veers far from the commercial playbook.
A fey, low-key charmer where you have to take an awful lot at face value.
Silly, contrived and lightweight. It's also quite amusing, given its preposterous premise.
If you're a fan of the first movie, which, let's face it, you most definitely are, then this will be everything you had hoped for and more.
Plays more like National Lampoon's Seattle Vacation than a sly comedy/drama about undercover cops.
Schwartzman and Scott get top marks for bravery and there are some strong laughs but it feels a bit too much like a middle-class Hangover.
A pedigree cast, fun premise and punchy dialogue make Bullock's return to romantic comedy look a great catch, and Reynolds is sharper than a diamond solitaire. Pity, then, that its penchant for sentimentality makes it miss congeniality.
It's just too bad you have to sit through a less than appetizing main course before you get to sink your teeth into the mouthwatering dessert.
These are the types of children's comedy movies that should be seen more often... [Full review in Spanish]
The gore -- severed limbs, heads, testicles; you know, the usual stuff -- is kept in humorous overabundance.
the clueless parents provide that Golden Age anchor to the piece that rings disquieting in the face of all the real wolves their Gidget is facing alone in the pathless wood.
Sex and the City 2 is a champagne cocktail on a runaway train -- fizzy, sparkly, giddy-making, and splashing all over the place.
Seems the Bard is badly blocked.
Altogether a superb addition to the ever-growing list of excellent 3D animation.
Refreshingly, Mouret also shows that marital infidelity is not without serious repercussions.
Any movie that pairs the star of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon with the guy who played Stifler in American Pie isn't playing mahjong with a full set of tiles.
The humor tends to be a little off-kilter at times, but more often than not, it's the constant squabbling between Ferrell and Wahlberg that scores most of the laughs.
A wonderful Capra vehicle; Cooper is superb; Arthur luminous. A comic movie with heart and a point to make. True Capra-corn, and that is not a criticism. A fine example of populist art.
Robots isn't a home run, but it's a solid double.
A snappy, humorous, and creative comedy about an ambitious pre-teen boy whose expends all his energy trying to win the approval of his middle-school peers.
If there were a Nobel Prize for Digital Animation it would have been won almost every year by Pixar.
Still-relevant '70s comic fantasy has some profanity.
Rare winning moments aside, Three and Out is unconvincing, uneven and unfunny: a severe points failure.
Because of Lawrence, I just can't write off this movie.
It's rare that a previously established side character, no matter how well loved, can deliver the goods in his own show. Which is probably why nobody tries it with movies. Well, nobody but the makers of Get Him to the Greek.
If Paul Blart was a chubby but loveable friend of the family, then Observe and Report is its mentally unbalanced, just-out-of-prison, suicidal older brother.
Rock's fast-talking rhythms are all over this movie, and they lift it up; it's like dropping in on a party full of funny people, and leaving before the evening fades.
Remember the film you hoped Snakes On A Plane would be -- this is it!
The end product is surprisingly engaging, thanks at least in part to a pair of very stinky feet.
Filled with silly gags and pop culture references, this is a fast-paced gem of a movie that will leave you grinning from ear to ear.
A wonderful animated feature that salutes the power of healing and the spirit-lifting miracles of light.
The comedy hits more than it misses; this is a really funny movie. And it's thoughtful, in its @$*# way.
Crass parody doesn't stay on target long enough to be funny.
Weiss's ideas about moviemaking, storytelling, and character development are indistinguishable from bargain-bin romantic comedies (so-called chick flicks) and television shows that barely last a season.
The Layover is not only tedious, but clueless when it comes to how women interact with each other.
For all its kitsch Bulletproof Monk is simple, silly fun.
The snack food equivalent of film -- it satisfies for a while, but it doesn't fill you up in the long run.
Leave it to the Coen brothers to use a man urinating on a rug as the catalyst for an entire film's events.
...certain sequences are inherently far more affecting and engaging than others.
The movie is so well made that it's hard not to like this often funny movie regardless whether one takes the story too seriously.
The failures on display are legion, so many that it's hard to know where to start.
If you go, one piece of advice: BYOBB. Bring your own barf bag.
The kids will be momentarily distracted by the cheap laughs to not notice the sub-par special effects, drab plotting and tiresomeness of Black's man-child antics.
Outrageous comedy? damn right!!! I'm outraged that there's no comedy here AT ALL!!!!
Every so often a movie comes along that's so lame, you can almost make out a "What the hell am I doing here?" thought bubble over an actor's head.
I know it hasn't been accepted into any serious film canon and that, at best, people will call it a great popcorn movie, but having just watched it for about the tenth time, I can not refrain my feeling that this is a bona fide masterpiece.
With its constantly smart humor (from eight credited screenwriters), a few more unexpected vocal cameos, and the franchise's ever-evident emotion, recycling never has felt so fresh.
Blacks serve as brunt of the jokes in insensitive buddy comedy.
There's nothing to recommend the film.
The backgrounds are beautifully drawn. There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
A highly entertaining sequel to a franchise that is navigating an ingenious path. [Full review in Spanish]
Rude, crude, obnoxious, disgusting, and unfunny...
An intelligent and well-crafted film that seeks to inspire audiences by finding the humor amid the prevailing bittersweetness of life.
Grand Disney animated film that doesn't have a bad spot in it.
While Bolt doesn't quite contain the same charm and slick storytelling that defines the Pixar films, it is still a mostly enjoyable film that should appeal to all ages.
An American Werewolf in London seems curiously unfinished, as if director John Landis spent all his energy on spectacular set pieces and then didn't want to bother with things like transitions, character development, or an ending.
Featuring Rodriguez himself in no less than eight roles and six members of his family in the cast.
Staggering, spellbinding, a virtual trip to another world. Cameron has created the best film of the year and maybe of the decade
There is enough in it to please Allen's fans and confound those who think the old boy, 80 now and still churning out a film a year, should stick to playing his beloved sax.
John Candy almost manages to save this one. Almost.
Caveman will not be for all tastes, and even with the cleverness to be found herein, this isn't exactly what one could call a thinking person's farce.
Most of Collision Course is exactly like Irwin's TV work.
There are relatively few laughs -- unless you crave toilet humor -- in this direct-to-video-grade installment.
Those hoping for a summer celebration of wretched excess to rival The Hangover need wait no longer.
The film is not so much about the obstacles the Beanbag Boys have to overcome to attend the party and be accepted by the "cool kids," as it is about the first stirrings of puberty and all the crazy shit that goes with it.
If a Spy sequel isn't already in the works, they better get cracking. Nefarious terrorists and numskull guys await.
Prepare to go buggy over the pure icky, sticky fun of Eight Legged Freaks.
Zombieland falls somewhere between affectionate parody and straight-up horror movie, but it keeps getting confused about what sort of movie it wants to be.
passable
In his second film, Ayoade's risks (and a wonderfully game cast) suggest a gratifyingly unique sensibility, as playful as it is unsettling.
The first martial arts-romantic-comedy-action-adventure-fantasy-musical.
If you're looking for an animation that is rife with pop culture references and riffs on fairytales; save yourself the agony and watch Shrek instead.
"RED" is a smart, well directed action film that counts among its cast an incredible fourteen Academy Award nominations and four Awards.
Brannon composes the odd amusing sight gag, but homogenises his notionally eastern backdrop terribly ...
Much closer in spirit to Charles Addams' ghoulishly byzantine etchings (Lurch was indeed an escapee from a home for the criminally insane) and the '60s sitcom it spawned than Barry Sonnenfeld's sleepy and pukey remodelings.
The pacing barely ever breaks out of a light plod. And the writing is very, very average.
I have no complaints about "Bad Grandpa" except that the journey ended too soon.
A rather novel enterprise which is at first highly entertaining.
Mike Nichols and screenwriter Elaine May have produced one of the smartest, funniest political movies of the past 20 years.
My biggest complaint about Adam Sandler has always been that he is lazy. His movies read like they were ad-libbed during an all-night beer bash.
Pineapple Express descends from patchy comedy to decidedly daft action send-up.
layered absurdist humor abounds within its wonderfully loose format
There's little to distinguish this oddly mean-spirited comedy.
Definitely better than DeVito's last movie, the disastrous Death to Smoochy. Alas, it's not nearly as good as his two films from which it takes its obvious inspiration: The War of the Roses and Throw Momma From the Train.
Joyous chaos is what the Coen Brothers harness in their generous-spirited wet kiss to the industry they continue to master and remake. Bliss!
The plot is dumb enough to be a sitcom, but Bergman isn't dumb enough to make it one; he has a way of finding comedy in the urgency of driven characters.
The healthy amounts of action, mystery, and humor that were infused into the story created a really fun film that could appeal to a variety of viewers.
Seann William Scott provides some amusing moments as irrepressible thief Dave but they are few and far between.
So misconceived it spends more time on its title character's love life than on his love of animals...
To put it succinctly: Hop is brain death.
If, like me, you dismissed The Rundown as just another stupid action vehicle for Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson - get in the apology line behind me
A passable shake-up, even if its 'Aroma-scope' experiment stinks. Like Ricky Gervais, the Spy Kids franchise could drone on - sorry, go on - forever.
Forget the 12 Days of Christmas; there are at least 12,000 ways that 2004's fascistic Christmas with the Kranks earns the honor as the worst Yuletide film ever made.
This is the Smurfs' first fully animated CGI outing. It is not only respectful of the source material, but also charmingly pretty in parts.
About as close to perfection as you're likely to get.
If you hate Jimmy Buffett, you'll love Bill Paxton's Coconut Pete. If you like naked girls who happen to be gymnasts, you'll love Jordan Ladd. This is a FUN flick!
Effectively delivers a timely message that if we can all laugh together, then we can all live together, too!
Cho and Penn still make for a winning comedy team, Neil Patrick Harris's willingness to subvert his public persona is refreshing as always.
A long run time (110 minutes) + sly humor might make for restless kiddos. But take them anyway. Pixar is brain power.
Filled with the sorts of humane generalities and optimistic possibilities to which only a misanthrope could object.
A lot of the movie offended me. Some of it amazed me. It is too long and runs out of steam, but it serves as a signpost for our troubled times.
Nightmarish for all the right reasons.
I would say 20% of the jokes work and the rest fell flat!
This celebration with Carrie & Co. — very much television writ large — seems precisely the Sex and the City reunion the show's fans had hoped for.
[A] poorly executed comedy.
"Bad Moms" isn't interested in the darker trials of motherhood. It would rather give moms what they want-like a spa day in movie form.
Undeniably funny and gooey to boot, Slither may not be groundbreaking but it is a rarity: a horror-comedy that does both its genre-parents proud.
No matter how crazy you think your mother is, it can't get much worse than this.
Comedic moments are plentiful, but most are not the laugh-out-loud kind; they are more the smile or nod of self-recognition that longtime married couples will appreciate.
The movie offers the same kind of characters you find in this genre - malicious young women who want to destroy their rival, eccentric relatives, lovable and laugh-inducing friends and allies, and subplots to prove that money cannot buy happiness.
Screwball comedy for older teens and adults.
The kidnapping plot is inane, the slapstick inept and the cast ineffectual. All in all, mind-bogglingly bad.
A feel-good movie that will brush away your cares.
It's a sitcom pilot waiting for re-write.
Latifah, a formidable actress who's almost always better than her movies, easily dominates this...
The movie ... finds itself in a strange place in tying Ted's legal fight to similar real-world ones.
A faster-moving and funnier confection than its predecessor.
When the audience isn't laughing, it's just catching its breath.
Cube's charm and Tucker's frantic antics can carry the movie only so far before the wall-to-wall profanity, constant vulgar humor and male chauvinist ogling wear out their welcome.
A gorgeous, hot mess of CGI motion-capture and live action that, while true to the anarchic spirit of the original comics, is also 99% overkill in virtually all respects.
Few things are more annoying than a movie that doesn't stick to its over-the-top convictions.
It would be easy to dismiss Middle School's faulty internal logic and argue that it's a movie for kids, played from the kids' perspective, but the kids deserve better.
To paraphrase a key line of Nicholson's, Something's Gotta Give is a movie to love.
Starts off as a hilarious lampooning of fame and the pursuit of celebrity, but Cohen and the gang run out of material.
Funny and fearless
...a tedious adaptation...
Too many cast members, too many sermons, too few laughs
Disney's 'Zootopia' is wildly adventurous and knockdown funny, arguably the best film of 2016 so far.
There is much in this film to admire, but it goes by too fast and the story is almost incomprehensible. There is certainly enchantment here, but the story does not do much to hold it together.
This reviewer is not easy to offend, but is very easy to bore. And I was bored out of my tree for most of Boll's lamely conceived, cliché-ridden debacle.
This interminable farrago feels like swimming through a sea of excrement.
Only Hollywood could turn a straightforward children's book into a frantic feature film.
An unkempt clearinghouse for cheap, throwaway laughs. For those who regard that as a recommendation, two words: Grow up.
Moana writer Pamela Ribon gives the brand a spring clean while keeping its very young target audience in mind.
Clooney, in one of his best screen turns to date, exhibits the right degree of screwball aptitude.
Delivery Man is funny, sweet and surprising.
The story doesn't hold up to the least bit of logical scrutiny.
The only redeeming moments come from spasms of unintended campiness like a scene where Harrison sings a love ballad to a seal dressed as an old woman.
Holtz's screenplay, though, wants to be Rosemary's Baby meets The Odd Couple. Unfortunately, there's not a strong enough blend of the thrills and chuckles in it.
Despite all of the obvious flaws, I did find myself caught up thanks to MacFarlane and Theron's chemistry, and there were just enough genuine laughs to keep me entertained.
The film is completely forgettable, frequently funny and weirdly satisfying in a Jersey Loser Gets Respect kind of way.
Less sticky than a Post-it, and even more disposable.
You don't go to a Muppet movie looking for anything other than a few laughs with beloved puppet pals. Mission accomplished - ka-ching! - on that front.
I began to appreciate the neat reversals of expectations, slow pace and serene non sequiturs of the plot, the film's smart approach towards teen alienation, ludicrous ambition and impossible dreams.
A winsome piece of fluff that is easy on the eyes, the ears, and the heart
Who knew a Hangover could be so much fun?
A fun and diverting 90 minutes of puppet chaos made with care, love and some impressively detailed old-school model work.
A supposedly gay-themed film made for people with an adolescent obsession with boobs and the egotistical sense that all gay men are hot for them (mostly evidenced by guys who wouldn't be cruised in Portsmouth on a pay night).
The only thing that crosses your mind after seeing this is whether it's possible to travel back around 93 minutes and opt to see something else.
[Leads] off with the most poorly shot and edited chase scene in recent memory... so spatially confusing that it might as well have been shot through a kaleidoscope.
It seems fairly likely that this is a case of returning once more with a bucket before the well runs dry.
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is not as hilarious as it thinks it is, profound as it pretends to be, or tolerant as it intends.
Mitch (Luke Wilson) has just been cheated on and moved into a nice new bachelor pad right near the local college. But when threatened with eviction by the dean of the college, Mitch's buddies Beanie (Vince Vaughn) and Frank (Will Ferrell) suggest that the
What a mess.
Although Hill certainly has been good in previous roles, this goes beyond what we've seen.
The fact that the entire cast is so invested in this ridiculous premise is what makes it fun. Or at least, fun enough. [Full Review in Spanish]
A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
The kind of rare perverse treat that John Waters would undoubtedly go crazy for...Billy Bob Thornton is genuinely perfect.
Not all of the film's quirks are given a proper resolution, but they don't need to be. It has an honest emotional landscape, which is what ultimately matters.
As hilarious as it almost always is, there's sincerity too as well as twitchiness and tension, in a film gearing up to deliver one heck of a gut-punch.
The crippling flaw is that Pride and Prejudice and Zombies should have been much more ludicrous all along instead of biding its time
Perhaps only the Coens, who have made some of the best movies of the last 30 years, would make a movie celebrating the value of mediocre Hollywood schlock.
Sour, mordant, and fitfully hilarious
By this point of the road, the fun has become thin and repetitive.
Ralph Breaks the Internet is sweet, funny and clever, proving that Disney can create something more relatable than your typical fairytale.
Who can't have a fond affection for a character who believes it is his duty to please the booty?
Grease" hasn't improved much in two decades. It remains a juvenile remembrance of a mythologized '50s, a musical lacking grace.
It still features a talented cast and professional production, but a half-baked theme and low-conflict plot leave the movie feeling bland and forgettable, as hard to distinguish as its primary characters.
The Dilemma never quite finds the right tonal balance, although its dramatic moments are certainly more potent than its comedic ones.
That many of these hairstyles derive from standards of beauty laid down by white tastemakers is a question that hangs over Good Hair.
The film does have it's weak spots, but for the most part, it's dead on. See it.
Bullock and Reynolds' chemistry propels charming romcom.
Even though Troma's gore and T&A quotients may be high, the films remain a matter of the flesh being willing but the production values weak.
Let's Be Cops is good for some chuckles and a couple of big laughs, but won't keep you rolling in the aisles throughout.
Zohan skirts any real issues, but maybe crass and messy is more reflective of the times and situation.
Passes basically any test you would be likely to throw its way, except for the one where it justifies the fact that it exists.
Raunchy comedy for adults only.
An almost purr-fect little film that even a dog owner can enjoy.
Nicely animated, though the plot is messy. The origins story, with lonely tween Shaggy meeting up with the then-unnamed Scooby, is actually rather moving.
...loudly preach(es) Christian values, then turns around to cheer on its wronged-wife heroine as she takes cruel revenge against her (now crippled and helpless) husband...
No praise is too high for cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki, who leeches the color out of Rick Heinrichs' spectacular sets so that the film looks like a lost masterpiece of German expressionism or a cherished nightmare of Tim Burton.
Comedy moved on from the mid-1990s, and it's time Sandler did, too. "Jack and Jill" even gives fart jokes a bad name.
Junk food at its best. There is no other reason to watch it than to revel in its excesses, and the more excessive it gets, the more fun it is.
The film has such a promising and hilarious start but there is nothing worse than feeling the comedy get sucked right out of a film.
Role Models plays loose and easy, but not to the point of being lazy.
Ultimately, despite Nanjiani's best efforts, it's a disposable fast-car summer movie, neither terrible or good, for those biding their time before the next "Fast & Furious" installment.
Baggage Claim should be left behind at the carousel.
Despite a too-neat resolution, the characters haven't figured themselves out, much less their relationships, and Bujalski is perfectly comfortable sorting through their confusion.
An easy and enjoyable way of spending an hour and a half.
In a parallel world, there is a version of this movie that is just as offensive, but also funny and smart. It's a pity we will never see it.
It's a light, zippy adventure yarn, and I bought it. I know I probably shouldn't have, but I bought it.
Mid-90s seems more interested in providing a slice of life, fly on the wall perspective of the culture, rather than forcing the audience to truly examine the effects - both negative and positive - these experiences might have on an impressionable youth.
Race to Witch Mountain is pretty standard kiddie fare: Cute, precocious children are protected by a world-weary, wisecracking father figure and one-liners abound.
Fitfully engaging but half-baked.
This pleasing ensemble comedy, while manifesting Perry trademarks, is very much Ms. Chism's own. And that is to its benefit.
...fairly routine fare, even for kids, and aside from cool gadgets it's just a bit dull.
Goofy '90s Hulk Hogan comedy has lots of slapstick violence.
Eagle vs. Shark is more interested in whimsy than wit, and when it comes to milking its characters for a little goofball charm, we are stuck with mostly peculiarities vs. personalities
A low-energy/moments of heat romance that rewards the patient filmgoer and bores the impatient one.
Refreshingly anti-princess and sweet without degrading into sugary, Ramona and Beezus animates Ramona's frequent flights of fancy with DIY-like sequences that literalize, quite charmingly, how a kid colors the world.
Chu's direction recalls the gentle humor and romantic charm of the great Ernst Lubitsch, especially in the final reveal at the film's deliriously romantic climax.
Game Over, Man! is grotesque, violent, insane and offensive-in other words, it's kind of exactly what you'd expect from a 'Workaholics' movie unrestricted by basic cable censors.
Ritchie is back to doing what he does best: sharp and stylish gangster pictures populated with sprawling casts, clever plotting and lots of cockney accents.
Yet in the end, Adult Beginners is sort of a mumblecore Jerry Maguire, albeit without the crowd-pleasing catchphrases and mega-watt star power.
This film is about as accurate a reflection of how people break into the music business as In the Night Garden is about temperate-zone forest habitats.
If Paddington is to turn into a movie franchise, one suspects that marmalde sandwiches under hats and scenes of mayhem in kitchens and bathrooms won't be quite enough. Far more attention will need to be paid to the storytelling.
May test the patience of even the most ardent Ab Fab fans with its dated, often regressive humor, its endless parade of celebrity cameos and its aimless, bloated plot.
Lacks almost everything that made the 1936 movie an enduring classic: idealism, heart, social and political savvy, convincing romanticism, robust ensemble acting and humor.
The talents of an incredible group of actors are pooled for this effervescent comedy that was originally conceived as a starring vehicle for Marilyn Monroe.
A teenage comedy with an old-fogy scent.
We'd have to be stoned to be interested in these characters or to be surprised when they form a surrogate family just in time for the blooper reel.
Hit or Miss "Neighbors" Only Sporadically Funny
I'm actually yawning as I type this.
"Norm of the North" feels as if it intended to be a better movie, but got confused along the way.
With its sprawling satire and knockabout tone, 'I'm So Excited' is the closest Almodvar has come in years to early romps like 'Labyrinth', 'Pepi, Luci, Bom' and 'What Have I Done to Deserve This?'
Another summer threequel, another case of slipping standards - not so much in the visuals, which remain predictably impressive, but in the all-important gag rate. To waste both Donkey and Puss is a crime...
Boasts Quentin Tarantino as co-executive producer but falls about as far from that particular tree as one can imagine.
The jokes in this sequel come as thick as the cute bear's fur and as fast as the National Treasures' cameos. I laughed so much I cried, and then I sad-cried too. Hugh Grant is brilliant as ageing ham Phoenix.
Brooks' take on the ups and downs of modern romance and the unexpected turns it takes is smart, funny, and (above all) uncommon.
Browne's film succeeds on numerous levels, in no small part because he admirably balances the slow-pitch, flyover-state silliness of bowling with a genuine appreciation of the inherent tensions and rivalries in a professional spectator sport.
Somewhere underneath the glitzy, studio exterior is the DNA of a decent comedy about the contemporary singles scene in America, but this sensibility rarely, if ever, leaks out.
"Coco" worked on me in ways I hadn't expected.
The switch freshens up the premise and means you don't need to have seen the original.
The material becomes increasingly uncomfortable since it mainly comes from sad and traumatic places. This is what gives the film its edge.
By the time a blackmailing plot is introduced, the film seems to be surviving solely on the fumes of curse words and frequent shots of Jason Segal and Cameron Diaz's backsides.
Adding a new branch to the family tree is not a bad idea. Planting plot kudzu - which trails and meanders and swallows up everything in its path that was good and healthy - is.
Charming and witty, How to Build a Girl is a hugely likeable film which showcases Bearnie Feldstein's wonderful talents.
Great stunts....but the novelty wears off fast
The humour seems to be aimed more at adults, which is good news for those being dragged along by their children, and even though it's disappointing, there's still plenty to smile at.
Even with all these talented performers, I was left with no sympathy for Nick's predicament -- the movie was way more painful than whatever he went through
A comedy of low blows and elephantine misfires.
The thing that really sticks in the craw about this film is that it gets sanctimonious during its pageant of bad behavior.
Calendar Girls remains true to the spirit of the engaging, real-life story which captured the attention of many around the world.
What it perhaps lacks in originality and focus is a result of a slight adjustment in priorities, and instead delivers a touching and intimate story about the nature of family.
A shell game passing as entertainment.
The result can make you yearn for Tim Burton, who can web his spidery signature through these corporate machines.
Avian flu, atomic bombs and solidarity are the main themes throughout this opus of insufferable screen time while nausea seems to be the only thing you take with you when the film comes to its nuclear holocaust of a closing.
The crude language and jokes are patently offensive, but the performances by McBride, Deschanel, and Theroux almost make this worth sitting through.
It is as original as cartoons come.
Terrific acting, especially from Gaby Hoffman, but this is a slim movie that drifts toward its conclusion without much urgency.
This one's got some bite
A tired assembly of the expected celebrity voices (Liam Neeson is a despotic raccoon) and already dated pop-culture references (the end credits feature an animated version of Psy leading the cast of animals in a dance-along to 'Gangnam Style').
Although there's no dearth of spectacular gunplay and fisticuffs in Robert Schwentke's light-hearted actioner, what makes RED really rock is old-fashioned movie-star style.
A hilariously gonzo, self-referential neo-Body Snatchers that takes the mickey out of the alien-monster genre the way Scream did slasher films.
This film is a blast, full of pointed commentary and satire, though never sacrificing the fun factor.
This may not be the worst romantic comedy of the year, but surely it's the flattest. The thing has no energy. It just lies there, waiting to be kicked.
The lack of any comparable reality check will make this one an endurance test for most people who aren't five.
It's often very funny, and tries to have some heart, too. But it doesn't straddle that line all too well ...
Sadly, the resulting film feels every bit like the desperate cash-in it really is.
The wee ones might relate to the rabbit shenanigans, but overall, Peter Rabbit falls short.
Nondevotees also should find a home in this agreeable, accessible Companion.
A casually racist murder-mystery (- the mystery) that was rejected by both audiences and critics due to a chaotic tone, insipid comedy beats and clunky action scenes set to slap-bass and scat-singing.
This is neither Fonda's finest role nor a very challenging one - it's a cleavage and one-liner affair - but it's fun and entertaining.
If you want a complex plot that makes sense with characters who are more three dimensional than comic caricatures, you'll have to look elsewhere.
A forgettable comedy that shoul've been better written. [Full review in Spanish]
No, Cars 2 isn't another pearl from Pixar, but it's entertaining and well-made.
Surprisingly funny
The heightened world of foxes, marriage, family, greed, and mid-life crisis became one of Anderson's greatest works.
For all its faults, Holes has an overriding good humor and sense of fun that saves it from the usual drudge of children's pictures.
Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made, Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while. Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon, anyway.
essentially a failed attempt to turn tragedy into farce
Should be sent to the same movie pound as the recent Garfield pictures.
By the time that Show Dogs yaps to a conclusion, you might find the charm of a crime caper involving talking animals has not just worn off, but has been entirely extinguished.
This film is a marketing vehicle that reeks of focus groups and the involvement of the 'suits'.
Once you get past all the impenetrable dialogue exchanges and meandering plot twists, what you have is, at the core, a film with solid vision and heart.
With its combination of Pixar's heart, Looney Toon's zany spirit, and strong characters to build upon with every new chapter, Despicable Me 3 just might be the best of the bunch yet.
As a voracious consumer of chick media (I like alien shoot 'em ups too!), I tell you that the story arc is extremely surprising & delightful, and that you fellas can feel safe watching this as well.
... an extremely intelligent film with several narrative surprises and truly hilarious moments. [Full review in Spanish]
It's filled with charm.
If Nightmare Before Christmas was a jazzy pop number, Corpse Bride is a waltz--an elegant, deadly funny bit of macabre matrimony.
You look at a movie like this and wonder how some screenwriters can have the temerity to go on strike
Features a fine mix of several generations of comic talent + a terrific soundtrack from its stars.
A failed, would-be cult item with funny cameos.
A cheap and forgettable romp which is unlikely to trouble filmgoers for long before finding a more suitable home down your local video store.
The movie subverts expectations, and not in a good way, by seeming in a dither about its own identity.
Leave it to Linklater to create a nonstop party that keeps ringing undertones of what happens when the party's over. That's what makes it a Linklater film. He builds human comedies, the kind that last.
Lacks the most basic charm and one-liners of films like The Wedding Singer, Love Actually and Bridget Jones' Diary.
Belushi and Aykroyd do it again!
With its blend of low-rent gangster cool, high-body-count hipster violence, smart-mouth dialogue, inspired casting and a blissfully retro soundtrack...[this]might have been a groundbreaking film -- in 1992.
My goodness, this is tedious stuff -- smug, long-winded and, above all, wretchedly unfunny... which in a would-be comedy isn't just unfortunate but pretty much disastrous.
Deftly mixes equal parts hilarity, poignancy, and lively hootenanny gusto.
An imperfect storm of horrible writing, awkward casting and questionable taste gathers soon after the opening credits and dumps downpours of buzz-killing humour at depressingly regular intervals.
Talk about running on fumes. This buddy comedy traps two talented dudes - Kumail Nanjiani and Dave Bautista - in a car that's going nowhere so fast that Thelma and Louise would hop right on.
...a watchable yet awfully forgettable comedy...
Despite his trademark scowl, Cube can't keep himself from looking sheepish. That's where the title comes in.
This romantic comedy about losers in love gave me some laughs but couldn't make me fall in love.
The film is by no means a masterpiece, but it's a worthy exercise in indulgence that won't disappoint the cosmo-swilling core audience. And fans won't need to swill any cosmos to enjoy it.
guaranteed to win over the geek inside most of us
Rogen's Reid doesn't become a crime fighter for an altruistic reasons: He does it as a lark because he thinks it will be fun. Rogen's Hornet is basically the comic relief. And that is what throws the movie a-kilter.
Burt Reynolds fired his agent after Boogie Nights. If he has a lick of sense in his head, he'll kill his agent after Dukes of Hazzard.
Highly-stylized piffle designed to titillate and satiate bloodlust while slowly turning your brain to mush!
The fun seems gone, and the now-requisite end credits musical number seems like a relic from 2001.
Kids of all ages are sure to enjoy this visually splendid, fast-paced blast through the past.
Long hair, long legs and a splashy soundtrack can't save Chasing Papi from its contrived plot, tired jokes and retro gender politics.
Despite its obvious contrivances, it's cornball sci-fi fun.
I would describe it as giving new meaning to the word "slapdash" except for my suspicion that no one involved has any idea of the old meaning of the word.
Is nothing sacred to the makers of Hot Shots! Part Deux? Nope. Not a thing.
Tom Hanks kneeling before the moon is one of the most moving moments in cinema. This is one of my favorite films.
Forward-facing and not trapped in its past, this third installment offers welcome escapism amid a world that does, in fact, feel very much in need of saving.
Next Day Air is unecessarily violent and completely pointless. One of the worst films of the year.
Something Wicked this way comes!
What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch.
The oddity of Miller's devices helps elevate it to the front line where the Babe films rest as superior family entertainment that is also, arguably, one of the most beautifully rendered animated works I've ever seen.
The ideal viewer would be, I guess, a 5-year-old who still thinks dinosaurs and urine jokes are cool, but realizes they pale in comparison with breasts and gropings.
When Mr. Norris, the former karate champion, isn't using his feet on ill-tempered Indians and Mexicans, he's stomping on the facetious dialogue, which deserves it more.
The Duplasses are showing how modern Americans think, talk and live.
Intelligent, humorous and thoroughly poignant, this can easily hold its own with the best comedies of the year.
It's dumb humor, all right. But it also follows a long cultural precedent of using schoolyard scatological jeers to bring down the mighty.
A ghastly rip-off of the John Hughes genre, "Unaccompanied Minors" is so awful that it should be accompanied by a warning: May insult your intelligence. Proceed at your own risk.
An unwise amalgam of Broadcast News and Vibes.
Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas.
Successfully meshing big budget Hollywood storytelling with Sonic's playful spirit and core concept
This is a great-looking (and sounding) toon, one definitely worth seeing in 3D, but it's ultimately the story, characters and humor that makes Megamind such a pleasant surprise.
Beneath the ham acting and the relentless banter is a serious movie about relationships. We're being sold laughs, but a few sober thoughts are delivered.
A Haunted House 2 is dumber than dumb dumb, which at least has the nerve to be unapologetically dumb. Worse, it's Wayans dumb.
Allen may be repeating himself, but even second-rate, warmed-over Woody is funnier and smarter than 90 percent of the celluloid crud out there.
It's like a BOONDOCK SAINTS for people who have "good" taste in movies.
The clever lines and themes of friendship and finding home are almost completely overwhelmed here by the breathless pace and sensory overload...
Silverstone has been getting the superstar-is-born treatment by the entertainment press, and "Clueless" should make it a reality.
Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again outshines the original in virtually every department, with better singing, better dancing, and better humor.
This is a lovely marriage of two of America's wisest cultural observers, native Midwesterners and modern Mark Twains, who value their heritage while occasionally poking it with a stick.
This crowd-pleaser is filled with laughs.
A funny character with a couple of trademark catchphrases does not on its own constitute a funny movie.
Not much fun even for this fan of Alexa Vega from Spy Kids.
Ant-Man and the Wasp is a comparatively modest film that puts a premium on fun.
Very limited shots of New York City, destroying a beloved character, and the girls have all matured and are no longer what Sex and the City was and has been about.
See Billy Crystal's name in a line-up like this and you probably expect wise-cracking comedy, but in fact this is a rare straight role for the actor and it illustrates what he's capable of when he really gets to flex his acting muscles.
Second Act's cinematic commentary should inspire women all over the globe to never give up no matter what age. Seriously, can you really put price tag on a dreams?
Playmobil: The Movie will likely bore anyone who has reached double digits in age.
Syly silly, subversively stupid - which is exactly what you'd expect.
Murphy's funniest work
It's the wackiness of the whole thing that makes it work.
Tyler Perry, even if he's no church-show Peter Sellers, obviously carves out some kind of niche here. Remember, they laughed at Ed Wood. And they're still laughing at him.
One major difference between the slob comedies of yesteryear and the ones of today is that of simple craftsmanship. As in, Stripes has some.
If the hordes of screaming kids in the audience at the screening I saw are any indication, The Lizzie McGuire Movie hits its mark.
Painfully realistic, tenderly acted coming-of-age dramedy.
Well, they have the title right. I don't know how these people found one another, but they certainly belong on the same list.
As much as we might want to fall madly in love with this adventure, the disappointment is that it makes its pirates' lives seem just that little less attractive.
"Scoob!" is a goofy and bright surprise - an imaginative reboot that respects its shaggy dog TV roots but is smart enough to add dashes, not shovelfuls, of wry pop-culture and movie references.
It's depressingly tame stuff.
Stealing Harvard is an act of grand theft -- the way it wastes your time is a crime.
Grab the kiddos and head out to see this one, especially if little Joey has always wanted to feast his eyes on a grown man waxing a dog's testicles.
A playful holiday diversion.
Essentially Trading Places by way of Next Friday, Lottery Ticket never rises above formula.
'Are you eating it? Or is it eating you?' I love it!
Director Roger Mitchell and the great cast bring so much energy and humour to Morning Glory that it becomes an enjoyable, if completely unaffecting, piece of escapist fluff - just like good breakfast television.
While lacking the zip and imagination of Robert Rodriguez's Spy Kids movies, Cody Banks is an amiable enough mixture of James Bond-lite adventure and chaste teenage romance.
Retains the 2-D charm of the hugely popular Nickelodeon cartoon but adds a few tricks -- a little 3-D here, a little David Hasselhoff there.
White Chicks is a slapstick, silly, sometimes crude comedy with some jokes that leave you laughing, and others that fall very short of the mark.
[Filmmakers] hew close to the essential innocence informing the Muppets' silliness.
What were the filmmakers thinking? I mean, what besides making a second trip to the barn to milk the $300 million cash cow that was Miss Congeniality?
I'll admit that some of the antics elicit a chuckle or two, but not nearly enough to justify the price of a movie ticket.
You can't teach a dog new tricks, but maybe you can teach humans that a cartoon sequel could be better than the original.
Give thanks for a sequel that defies the law of diminishing returns and provides a belly-full of laughs along the way.
Francis Veber's 1998 Le Dner de Cons was no great shakes, but it looks almost classy next to this atrocious remake.
Alien-invasion satire for older tweens and up.
A murderously unfunny rethink of the groundbreaking literary satire.
Chris Columbus got the bizarre idea that a Grisham book, even a slight one, should be turned into a Home Alone for grown-ups.
The sentiments are heartfelt, but the execution is common.
PlayTime is a work of unparalleled genius.
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry stumbles around like a Cher impersonator missing one red sequined pump.
This is an entertaining movie and even a memorable one, but without a stronger story, I wouldn't refer to it as a masterpiece.
Aside from Vikander the period playfulness falls short.
Burnham is clearly conflicted about the emotional effects of the constant comparisons, competitions and invidious voyeurism young people are subjecting themselves to nearly all day long. And he gets the subjective experience right.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie look like they had a terrific time making Mr. and Mrs. Smith -- but I certainly didn't have a good time watching it. Neither, I suspect, will many of you.
Cycles through the same old cliches, like squares accidentally being dosed with drugs, overzealous pharmacists blaring out sensitive medical information (nothing like a good ol' venereal disease joke), and climactically scotched weddings. [Blu-ray]
With arbitrary laugh lines coming along to strip the credibility from every situation and the integrity from every character, there's hardly a moment in the new film that seems as authentically alive as a California Raisins commercial.
Very special effects, brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant Achilles' heel in "Stuart Little 2": There's just no story, folks.
lives up to and even surpasses its predecessor in conveying the titular family's wonderful weirdness
Another fun adventure from Pixar, even if it doesn't quite reach the heights of its predecessors. [Full Review in Spanish]
They spent a fortune filming all those different animals and mixing the images all together, but I'm not sure it was worth all that trouble for a movie that's a miracle or two short of being divine.
They don't make them like this anymore, and I can't even think of another actor or character that could pull this off right now.
Streep, Waters and Baranski basically ad-lib and keep just enough composure to pull through.
This isn't the finest Hotel Transylvania, but it's considerably better than adequate and will no doubt turn up in a lot of Christmas stockings this year. It won't disappoint.
Not only is it hysterically funny, but it's refreshing to see a movie about adults that's not dumbed down for kids.
If Sausage Party had been a twenty minute short it could have been a highlight of 2016. However, stretched to feature-length it's just another mildly funny stoner comedy.
Sexual theme, some swearing in tepid comedy.
Sarah Silverman is a skilled performer, and Jesus Is Magic is occasionally very funny, but don't be fooled: naughty as she may seem, she's playing it safe.
Given the luminaries ... dotting the cast, this ought to be some kind of fun, but it's not nearly as much fun as it might have been
A fright fest of fun with more gore than scares, although there are a few tense scenes, that's balanced by a healthy dose of comedy.
Strange references to the 1970s and a bizarre plot line about time travel stuff 'Free Birds' with a lot of material that's too weird for either little kids or parents to get
The Farrellys, who wrote the script with Pete Jones and Kevin Barnett, play enough variations on that theme to keep us curious about how the inevitable reconciliation will go.
It's hard to resist the vicarious pleasures of the scenery and the restaurants that fill the stretches between the verbal sparring.
A potentially A-B-C generi-comedy concept flick that's salvaged at every turn by the infectiously funny leading man and a collection of kid actors more sincerely personable than seriously precocious.
A foul-mouthed joy for much of the way.
A joyless and crude comedy that celebrates bathroom humor.
Every character is personable and amusingly written, with a persevering wittiness present even during sadder moments.
Johnson's never more engaging than when he's undermining his macho image with giddy enthusiasm (see Be Cool and Pain & Gain), cheerfully rolling over Hart's bewildered terror in scene after scene.
Throw in a philosophical Komondor who's had far too many Scooby snacks, and a trio of klutzy pigeons who idolise Max as a lone crime fighter, and Show Dogs is not without its charm.
It's a simple premise with proven appeal, giving director Paul Tibbitt and his team freedom to construct a film where just about every element of the storytelling exists to be parodied and undermined.
Teen comedies like Easy A invoke the John Hughes canon at their own peril
Let's just call Hamlet 2 Waiting for Guffaws, and be done with it. Sadly, said laughter rarely comes, if at all
This mildly racist, tonally bizarre farce fails miserably to make the best of either actor.
In the end, Whatever Works just about does work, though there's an awkwardness about it that is never quite dispelled.
While not bad enough to warrant a divorce, Just Married isn't the fun or funny union that it might have been.
A breezy romantic comedy that makes up in energy and atmosphere what it lacks in plot... The pair may be yoked together by sturdy handcuffs, but the story is as flimsy as a daisy chain.
This all makes for a gleefully entertaining, down to earth, two hours.
The movie, at its core, is less raunchy comedy and more childhood adventure -- think 80s Spielberg kids movies but with the drug Molly.
Rarely do jagged threads of side-alley stitch jobs show in a major release, riddled with shots of soft (or no) focus. Basically a test of how far a vehicle can run on fumes of familiar personae. It's about 88 minutes...or 30 minutes shorter than this.
Run, Fat Boy, Run stays out of sitcom quicksand long enough to make you think that Schwimmer has a knack for this comedy-directing thing.
Atkinson isn't afraid to use a few of his best skits from the original show in this theatrical venture, but he adds enough new elements to be thoroughly fresh.
This is basically a collection of hit-and-miss skits that are stumbling around in search of a story line.
a passable movie because of its star, and because talking animals are funny
The 1985 original, in which Marty and Doc zoom 30 years back to 1955, remains the best.
Let's just get it out of the way right now: Reader, I liked it.
Brolin is such a perfect match for Jones, and Smith so confidently charismatic, that everything else seems like a distraction.
There is a good movie to be made about the difficulties parents have in letting go of their children. Actually, Ron Howard already made that movie. It was called Parenthood and it starred Steve Martin.
This chipper outing bills itself as a modern version of Twelfth Night, but it's really just another excuse for Amanda Bynes to be cute.
It's hard to settle on a low point of this scumbag manifesto from writer-director Leslye Headland...
one of the more entertaining Trek outings
Has the exuberance and imaginative action that seem right on target for fresh-faced 10-year-old filmgoers.
The script is clever enough to give Perry a somewhat dignified role as a sarcastic, educated charmer down on his luck.
Messages that read 'I O U A BRGR. U GAME?' ... propel the plot forward. Alas, all the scenes in which Prince hijacks the cell phones have been left on the cutting room floor.
By the time the film reaches its abrupt conclusion, complete with vast CGI zombie horde, Double Tap has long abandoned any sense of explicitly needing to exist.
It's marginally sharper than the likes of Meet The Spartans -- yes, that good -- but essentially as tatty as a porn parody, without all the best bits.
The Big Bus [is] a consistently clever comedy that had the misfortune of being a couple of years ahead of its time.
Lacks Heart
The Disaster Artist perfectly communicates the surreal hell of what the original production of The Room must have been like.
It's a fairy-tale about fashion, jewelry, gowns, Maybach automobiles, private jets, Rolex watches, style, sophistication, and glamor, and I couldn't wait for it to end.
His [Chappelle] return to the public eye doesn't result in much musical magic or comedic fun.
The fantastically cartoonish look isn't enough to compensate for the plodding story and overall disinterest I had in the characters.
It is possible, in fact highly probable, that the writers of this movie are as idiotic as the fat-headed lead character on screen.
I could watch a guy taking a wrench to the face or a ball to the groin for 90 minutes every day of the week.
For a film about the apocalypse, Matheson's script felt a little bit too bland and mundane. Who would have thought the rapture could be so boring?
Disney should've had more faith in this premise back in 1984, when it mattered, instead of shocking it back to a bigger life now...
Coco continues Pixar's streak of pushing the boundaries of how deep an animated family feature can go.
The Wedding Ringer simply doesn't seem to know what it is - a trashy flick designed to shock or a high-concept comedy about the value of real friendship.
If your cringe threshold is high enough, this is one of the funniest comedies of the year.
It's a blast of energy that one really can refer to (without the slightest hint of reservation) as 'good for the whole family.'
It should have been placed in a hazardous waste container, encased in concrete and dumped into the Farrelly brothers' septic tank.
Much better than its predecessor, but not a patch on the original, Shrek Forever After would be a respectable point for the irritable ogre's tale to come to an end.
Cursed words like "Facebook" and "Instagram" are never uttered in VHYes, for obvious reasons, but the movie reads like Robbins' thesis that for as long as people have been able to self-document, they've done so with relish...
The movie gives some depth to its misfits, and ultimately sends the valuable message that nobody should be ashamed of who they are.
A French comedy that pitches for wit over broad comedy, it's successful in salting what could be a over-sugary confection with healthy dose of wryness.
click for full review
Identity Thief exhausts you with slapstick.
Hilarious, stagey version of hit Broadway musical comedy.
Despite its production values, the film plays like a 1990s Comic Strip Presents spoof. It is lively and entertaining early on but once we get accustomed to its strange mix of gentility and blood-letting, the magic dissipates.
Matters get a little saccharine and conciliatory near the end, but so do Shakespeare's comedies. Take what you get and enjoy it.
There is so little difference between DeMented's point of view and Waters' that one has to wonder what the point was in creating a fictional character.
A timeless delight.
For its intended audience, it hits just the right note of drama mixed with cuteness.
Sing is a narratively slight, but energetic animated musical romp that succeeds in staying light on its toes throughout its running time.
Jarmusch has put out a very different horror movie for the year (and for him). The Dead Don't Die is a fun time in the cinema and actually has more to say than you might think.
It's a lot of fun, with witty animation and a seriously fantastic array of characters that engulf the entire DC universe and every Batman movie ever made, + superb jabs at Marvel.
The been-there, done-that nature of the plot doesn't take away from the undeniable sweetness found in Just Wright.
What's rare to see, and what ultimately makes Nacho Libre so enjoyable, is the story of an underdog who's allowed to remain a humble clown all the way to becoming a hero.
Arthur Christmas is beautifully animated, has a superb voice cast and delivers its Christmas message in a refreshingly unsentimental way, but it also drags in the middle and isn't as laugh-out-loud funny as it should have been.
Come back to the big city - and the big screen - anytime, Shaun.
Block Party is an uproarious good time, part documentary, part concert film, part who knows what?
A beautiful film in every sense of the word, UP belongs at or near the top of the list of Pixar's best movies.
Female buddy-cop comedy mixes humor, violence, drinking.
It never comes to life. It rarely even reaches the level of cute.
"Long Shot" is awfully funny when it's not being completely preposterous - and sometimes even when it is.
It's last year's satire, wearing this year's clothes.
As zombies' heads are shot off and feral cats and even more feral old ladies prey on the hapless adolescent heroes, you can't help but warm to the cheery irreverence of the storytelling.
Pegg is at his manic best here, presenting Gary's arrested adolescence as a badge of honor, while also hiding a sad secret that explains his fierce determination to finish the pub crawl even as the robots turn lethal.
Mercifully this isn't as bad as the brain-meltingly awful Sex and the City 2, but expanded to the big screen Entourage feels more featherlight and throwaway than ever.
Yeah, nothing funnier than old men farting and Viagra jokes.
Confiando excessivamente no carisma de suas duas estrelas, o filme se esquece do mais importante: fazer rir.
James Vs. His Future Self goes down the well-worn path of a guy who needs help with romance, but it brings enough new to the game to keep it interesting.
Shooting fish in a barrel is the order of the day in comedian Bill Maher's faintly tiresome attack on religion.
The moments between the characters are absolutely full. It's a pleasure to watch such consummate professionals.
There are so many completely laughless stretches that this under-90-minutes feature feels considerably longer.
The whole thing is undeniably sloppy and never quite as funny as it could be. But Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates refuses to be jammed into the mold, and that's worth something.
This is a hilarious movie with Zach Galifianakis' voice matching perfectly with the animation. It is a joy to watch.
Good music, creative twists and a moving performance by freaky Christopher Walken saved this potentially stinky kiddie film
Frost and the cast have obviously trained hard to avoid being murder on the dance floor, but the inept script is like Strictly Come Dancing in concrete boots.
Halfway through you want to yell at the screen for them to run off to Las Vegas and just get it over with already; then again, it becomes increasingly difficult to root for them to stay together when they seem to be headed down such divergent paths.
Minor, almost trite, but still worth treasuring if you're not put off by "precious."
Classic 80s flick! Ridiculous fun!
One of those pleasant examples of a movie doing precisely what it promises on the poster.
If you loved the first movie for its weird nihilism -- or believe that comedies are best when they don't just aim for the lowest common denominator -- sit this one out.
Shrek Forever After is not that bad. That's what we've come to... evaluating a multi-million dollar summer tent-pole release as 'not that bad.'
[An] unprecedented film that is not just a grand feature-length cartoon but a grand feature.
I'm afraid a lot of people are going to be distracted by how pretty "Frozen" is and ignore its significant flaws.
Danny Kaye has some hilarious moments.
I want to see more from Jonah Hill, and certainly, from this kid Sunny Suljic.
High School has such a winning premise that you want to send everyone involved in making it back to the drawing board for a do-over - just take it from the top, folks, and this time everyone actually have a good time.
The Day Shall Come  may draw from reality, but it fails to reflect it back to us with enough force to make us stop in our tracks.
The Hunting Party looks chillingly authentic. But it also feels too much like it's all over the map.
Life hacks from a warm and fuzzy dictator. What's not to loathe?
While Up achieves liftoff and even soars, it encounters enough turbulence to result in a bumpy flight.
What makes the film's preoccupation with low-brow crudities so distressing are its infinitely more clever and inspired moments.
There are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them.
If I wanted to watch a muddled, clunky, wannabe-clever comedy, I'd wait for the next Saturday Night Live atrocity to come out.
Catfight is here to remind everyone that no matter which side of the extreme one resides on, they're probably a selfish, stuck-up, elitest, snobby a****** that actually has no moral compass
As Edna Mode might say - The Incredibles is "mahvelous dahling."
Now a sequel has arrived, Blues Brothers 2000, offering more of the same. And less.
It made me laugh and even though it got untangled towards the end I had fun watching it. I'm gonna give this movie the same score as my mom, who accompanied us to the screening, 3.1 Schmoes. Decimals run in the family.
Yvan Attal steals what is otherwise an exhausted, workaday film.
It really was phenomenal for the time, but even then, a bit thin around the edges. Our boys got to joke and meander about in a spy time spoof. Fun.
Nothing much happens until a preposterously contrived and melodramatic climax.
Smith tries to stretch further in Jersey Girl, but it's all reach and no grab.
DeVito at his best.
The vehicle that carries [Hathaway] is a bit of a mouldy pumpkin.
Offers little (no pun intended) to the entire large scope of the MCU, but as a self-contained fun summer blockbuster that only cares to have fun and for audiences to have a good time, it delivers.
This effort barely qualifies as bait to catch the attention of its rivals, since many of them are far higher up the food chain to notice.
It's kinda sweet, completely vacuous, and not really very entertaining.
Even if it never quite jumps out of the tried-and-true mould, the sharp cast and clever script spice things up.
"If all of this sounds as stupid as Snakes on a Plane, then the joke's on you, because Monster Trucks is actually great fun . . ."
Hardly memorable at all.
Completely unmemorable
Keeping a livewire like McCarthy on task isn't easy (even her husband, Ben Falcone, couldn't manage it in "Tammy"), but Feig shows he can get the best out of his star.
The film is packed with spontaneous acts of Irish country dancing and twinkly locals beaming over their Guinness. Ireland should sue.
With a great many contemporary comedies mistaking excess for invention and hyperactivity for dynamism, Corky Romano displays genuine heart.
...the film's "jump from era to another" plot is rather annoying.
Ugh.
Hamlet 2 star Steve Coogan told HollywoodChicago.com: "It did make me nervous to play Jesus. I wondered whether the director was just trying to be provocative to annoy Christians or if it was just funny."
Like its predecessor ... Sherlock Gnomes doesn't do anything subversive or imaginative with its material.
Finally offers fans of quality black comedies a new reason to go to the theater again.
The most surprising thing of all? Jason Statham is Spy's secret weapon.
A lively, spirited sequel to The Abominable Dr Phibes, which misses the Se7en-like rigour of a plot structured around the Plagues of Egypt but still manages to come up with a succession of gruesome, black comic death scenes.
Basically, it's "When Hilary Duff Met 1993 Eddie Vedder."
There's a lot of good in bad moms. Done by the guys who did The Hangover. Raunchy but when it's funny, it's really funny.
Many moviegoers will identify with the couple's marital woes, but they may object to the notion that the affluent Pete and Debbi deserve sympathy for their money problems; in this aspect, the film is as blinkered as the Romney campaign.
So trivial and unimaginative that, unless you're desperate for sci-fi diversion for the kids, you should wait for the dvd.
This isn't just a second helping of Gaylord Focker humiliation, for once here's a comedy sequel that manages to revisit its world without banally repeating it.
Winkler turns in the best performance of his career, and Keaton is wonderful.
An alcoholic bear certainly made me crack a smile. But the subplot involving DC's attempts to bring up his 14-year-old daughter is a saccharine afterthought...
Graff's writing and direction deftly balance the wacky humour and one-line zingers with the more powerful poignant moments.
A raucous, raunchy comedy.
Take comfort in knowing that you'll be able to divorce yourself from the proceedings with the click of a button.
A small-scale charmer that gives audiences a healthy dose of silliness.
For those jonesing for a loosely connected string of comedy sketches, heavy on the scatological humor, this is the fix.
The raunch-zom-com falls far short of a film with any modicum of brains.
Death, taxes, Gerard Butler. Wish them away all you like: still they befall us.
Hilarious at times, unbearably soppy at others, Kate & Leopold is comfortable viewing for old romantics.
Sadly, this movie made me want to go back in time to a glorious period in New York City in the 1970s and '80s when a filmmaker named Woody Allen ruled the movie world.
...a distressingly tedious piece of work that all-too-often substitutes freneticism for laughs...
A quick-witted and visually spectacular bonanza.
The best part of this feature film is the gathering of princesses. This is where Disney goes where nobody thought of them reaching.
What makes "Annie" so winning is that, while it could have easily been just another cutesy-poo Hollywood musical, it happens to be as gritty, genial and boisterous as little Annie herself.
...relies more heavily than ever on friendship, love, and family relationships. Who can complain about that?
If this is to be Shrek's last outing, it's good to see him bow out in style.
Disney's remake of its 1959 flick The Shaggy Dog is pretty flea-bitten from the get-go.
Given that the new comedy Showtime stars Eddie Murphy and Robert De Niro, it's disconcerting, discouraging and downright disorienting to realize halfway through it that what you'd really like is to see a bit more of William Shatner.
[It] could be the most aggressively terrible movie of the year.
Although Finding Nemo reaches a new watermark in animation, it doesn't have the endearing characters or driving plot of Toy Story and Monsters, Inc. But then, classics are tough acts to follow.
You, Me and Dupree, a houseguest-from-hell tale, is an amiable comedy, but patched together from the plots of so many other movies, recent and otherwise, as to create a distracting sense of deja vu throughout.
Feebly fanciful reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale...
Even with an enjoyably cheeky performance by Anne Hathaway at its disposal, The Hustle makes for a tedious repackaging of a fun comedic premise.
It simply takes all the things you've seen in other wedding movies and recycles them, all while pretending you're dumb enough not to notice.
...an ideal example of how to do a summer movie right...
She's been brave and she's been a pest, but until this adaptation of Beverly Cleary's beloved children's books, pint-size protagonist Ramona Quimby has never been so blatantly market-driven.
This sequel's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore.
All you can do is cringe and sigh, and huff, and try to remember the actor's names, and happier times you have spent in their celluloid company.
It's a light, silly instantly forgettable comedy peppered with action set-pieces and affectionate nods to its fondly remembered predecessor.
The result is an erratically funny but often frustrating comedy, with an interesting premise hobbled by internal inconsistencies and uneven writing.
Missing is the deliriously unpredictable inventiveness of the first film, replaced by variations on its most memorable bits.
The bland, impersonal music and cinematography may not inspire, yet The Big Sick is a welcome addition to cinema's ongoing exploration of identity politics in contemporary America.
The movie ... was one of this year's Oscar nominees for best foreign film, leading one to wonder what films were passed over to make room for it.
The movie is crammed with Tim Burton-style desolation, foreboding and technological anachronism.
A feminist-slanted almost-turd that's been given a sparkly new sheen from a bit of the ol' Hollywood polish.
The glaring opportunism of the enterprise discourages an apologia of any kind
The slapdash construction and narrative inconsistencies, however, aren't nearly as damaging to this aerial adventure as the general mediocrity of its animation.
Mildly amusing, moderately raunchy, mostly schematic ...
Surprisingly sharp and funny. Fox, Douglas, and Travis are gems.
The kind of brilliant comedy that will have you gasping, laughing so hard you'll have tears in your eyes and rocking back in your chair from laughter.
"...it's not the targets that failed to entertain me as much as the way the movie takes aim."
It takes the easiest approach to every scene, haphazardly juggling different tones without integrating them into a cohesive and consistent thematic identity.
Steven Soderbergh returns to the big screen after a self-imposed "retirement" with a movie that's very much in the vein of his Ocean's trilogy but pulpier and quirkier -- and tons of fun.
BAD wanna-be comedy. Really lame.
You've got the makings of one royally uninspired comedy and utterly generic Hollywood mess.
Good cast, competent direction can't save this seemingly interminable nostalgia flood.
You'll need an awful lot of Christmas cheer to forgive Arnold Schwarzenegger for his fourth, and hopefully last, venture into comedy, a turkey that needs stuffing on the most inaccessible shelf of your local video store.
Much more enjoyable than you'd think. Griffith and Johnson sizzle.
Slackers, Rejoice! Makes the comedy honor roll for being inventive and riotously funny.
It's not that Ritchie's film doesn't have some zip... But the movie time and time again exalts the gallantry of its gentlemen heroes at the expense of those unlike them. It gives this glass of Gritchie's English Lore a bitter taste.
The frantic action is frequently funny, with giant toilet monsters attempting to establish a new excremental world order
Sorry To Bother You proudly marries reality and fantasy and lets its weird flag fly. And it's a better film because of it.
The only reason you root for a reunion at the end of this unromantic romp is because these two jerks really deserve each other.
The best scenes in the movie highlight why the core couple won't be remotely happy together...
A charming family-friendly story about adventure and friendship - told with bar-raising artistic craft and technical skill. We'd expect nothing less from Laika.
The filmmakers must have been the most sophisticated wits in the BYU cafeteria. I bet they did really funny impressions of the foreign-exchange students behind their backs.
The jokes are as fresh as rotten eggs and the direction stoops to the occasion.
Burton is in lively, playful and sharp form here, deftly balancing blatant eeriness with a chipper cheeriness that excuses many a macabre event.
The most peculiar aspect of the movie is that some of it is played straight.
The best thing about "Sundown" is that it's too dumb to be offensive.
A silly and fun B-movie that's best when it's the most ridiculous.
...a forgettable actioner that consistently wastes the talents of its two stars.
Credit goes to director Gary Ross for letting each actress shine.
Deliriously flies over-the-top with a bad taste premise for the sake of sick laughs and B-movie bliss.
We would expect this kind of overstuffed joyride from Dreamworks Animation or the folks at Fox or even Disney itself. But it's terribly ordinary for Pixar, and ordinary is no longer enough.
[T]he film itself isn't really a romantic comedy because there's no romance in it. Rather it's the antithesis of a romantic comedy.
This is certainly not your typical horror flick. Though it has some supernatural stuff going on there are plenty of quirky laughs to be found as well.
With his fourth film as writer-director, Judd Apatow has arguably made his most personal film yet, without forgetting to make us laugh.
It's a two-dimensional world on the screen, but the imagination at work is definitely in three dimensions.
Basing a feature film on a theme park attraction provides a flimsy foundation, and most of the film feels like padding.
Scratch this one from your list and watch instead Singin' in the Rain or The Dukes of Hazzard or a Learning Channel special on cows, flatulent or otherwise. Whatever your interest, you'll be better served.
A glorious mix of diverse styles, techniques and worlds molded into a cohesive and unique whole.
With plenty of laughs, action-packed excitement, great music (by James Horner), spectacular sets, and inspirational themes, this film is an absolutely winning adventure.
At every turn where The Proposal could have seemingly gone in a less obvious direction, it just puts on the blinders and forges ahead with the cliches of this genre.
Marley & Me is a terrific film. You don't have to be a dog lover to be touched to tears, you only need to be human.
It bursts with ideas and the characters are warmly drawn; it's just a shame the jokes come so thin and fast.
A fairly entertaining, but only sporadically successful, horror-musical comedy.
A grim story involving a missing woman is competently told, but there is no disguising the utterly routine nature of the material.
Neil Patrick Harris makes a quip that he'll see the guys in the fourth feature. Let's put a stop to that notion right now. That's all I want for Christmas, dudes.
Even though it tanks in the last act, I was still in stitches for the better part of 92 minutes.
Burgundy and his goofball buddies are faced with dramas and dilemmas that may seem arbitrary and contrived on paper but have an urgent puissance onscreen, as Ferrell and company act their little hearts out. OK, not really.
A dizzyingly funny espionage comedy, with a non-farcical, non-spoof plot that works on a straightforward level, too.
It's hard to remember a recent comedy that piled one memorable moment after another near the ending as this one does.
One of the few comedies about the challenges of creating a legacy at the end of life.
Lopez works visibly hard to keep things light, while O'Loughlin's flat performance suggests that he's either deeply uncomfortable or just struggling to hide his Australian accent.
If you're a lover of slapstick and find men dressing (very badly) as women amusing, this may hold your attention.
By embracing the inherent silliness of what's still a gimmick at heart, the filmmakers manage to use 3D far more effectively than most other films in the fad's current revival.
For a while, it works. Then things start to blow up. Missiles. Cars. The premise.
It's episodic, not very funny and the redemptive ending feels far too forced.
While Robbins surely has something to say about today's culture, everything in VHYes has to connect in one way or another.
This blending of the stoner bromance with the Christmas comedy works surprisingly well, layering gross-out humour with holiday sentimentality.
The execution of these amusing ideas falls flat with too much going on with too many characters.
Underneath the usual puerility are darker intimations.
In short, it is a warm, relatable comedy drama that captures the teenage experience to a tee.
With Guy Ritchie behind the screenplay and in the director's chair, it's not surprising that there are enough twists and turns to fill a hedge maze.
The happily-ever-after result is ultimately as traditional as one of the more disappointing examples of the institution it spoofs.
Spy generally accomplishes its mission.
Despite the advances humankind has made since dragging itself out of the primordial ooze, Shore is a successful comedian.
Those who loved the comedy stylings of grim-faced Ice Cube and motor-mouthed Kevin Hart from their first hit buddy-cop venture will find nothing to complain about here.
All the loopiness and spaciness might lead you to think you are not making any emotional investment at all in this baffling and barmy romance. Yet its sadness and poignancy somehow appear, popping up like cartoon flowers.
Armed with masses of minions and an excess of adorability, "Despicable Me 2" is guaranteed to charm anyone who's out of school and already bored.
uncompromising with its philosophy and its vulgarity
DreamWorks and the unlovable ogre lose the plot.
Even if you don't care much for improv-and I really don't-you're going to fall for this movie. (Splice Today)
Ocean's 8 passes the Bechdel Test. Yes, it tells us, it's possible for a group of smart and talented women to come together for a reason other than men. This is progress. (It may involve criminal activity on an epic scale, but it's still progress.)
Though the film plays like a mix of exhilarating adventure and smart comedy, it's deepened by the notion that little Quaid is floating around inside Short's body sinking hooks into things, ripping open veins, triggering stomach acid, and the like.
Sweet and raunchy in equal measure, which I suppose makes it the aged-to-perfection version of American Pie.
Even the cameos (which are countless and inspire constant giggles of recognition) are used with cleverness.
If the mere mention of the blue-footed booby sends you into paroxysms, The Big Year is the film for you.
A comedy that hits the target with its main objective, entertain the audience. [Full review in Spanish]
From Justin to Kelly is just one of those films, a bottomless well of snark fodder that may come and go in theatres but will surely be spun innumerable times on DVD at parties in the years to come.
Like the best laid plans of a "Saturday Night Live" inspired film, the bits only work in small doses. Exposing the girls to 90 minutes of screen time leads to a lot of hit-and-miss jokes and outrageous situations.
One suspects the perpetrators of this cinematic crime spent Valentine's Day alone.
you can't help but get sucked into this powerful story
Ostensibly a comedy, and a feeble and innocuous one at that, Post Grad is one of those what-were-they-thinking? studio productions that should have been shelved back in the script stage.
It, like the Mask-powered baby in it that has the ability literally to bounce off walls, is all over the place.
An adaptation of a 1970s play, it offers tribute to the comedies of that decade (Cousin, Cousine; Pardon Mon Affaire).
[A] chaotic, trifling, oddly likable film.
surprisingly funny
a cynical edit of . . .a sharp, funny film about the many stages, and even more permutations, of female friendships, one that was unafraid to include the ribald, the profane, and the brutally honest
At barely 80 minutes, it's just as long as it needs to be, and almost as funny.
Rough Night is a bit hard to sit through and a comedy that sadly doesn't conjure up enough laughs to make it worthwhile or memorable
The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not likely to find them very funny.
If only it was gay in the old sense of the word.
Cute is the operative word for the movie, which stars some good actors doing material that is not super.
The acting duo of Mary Woronov and Paul Bartel deliver a nonchalant comedic style of delivery, this odd matter-of-factly placidness in a sea of mayhem abounding...Read on->
From beginning to end, it's very, very funny. Watch it. It's great.
Fractured fairy tale is a delight for younger teens and 'tweens, thanks to charm, heart and star Anne Hathaway's enthusiasm.
A better title for might be Sierra Burgess is a Liar. As lies stack up and become increasingly hurtful and unnecessary, it gets harder to see the protagonist as a heroine
Entertaining for kids and die hard fans of the turtles, but is too jumbled of a story hampered with a long running time and terrible performances to please other audiences.
Instantly forgettable.
[Chan and Wilson] imbue Shanghai Knights with an aura of collegial high spirits, even when the writers leave them hanging.
Dazed and Confused is a perfect movie. It flawlessly captures the spirit of the '70s while arguing for a clear universality in the high school experience.
Emma has all the misplaced seriousness of a documentary on genital warts.
It goes where few films about parenthood go, acknowledging that you can love your kids and still feel that you're in over your head...
Uncle Drew is amiable enough, even crowd-pleasing, but pretty ramshackle...With all due respect to the actors and actor-hoopsters, it's the makeup people who give the film's best performance.
There are far more aspects of the film that may leave younger viewers confused and may not even be fun after lengthy parental explanations.
The Night Before earnestly blends the holiday film with the buddy comedy. The result is a Christmas film that focuses on a created family of friends rather than the literal family, and in doing so, makes a surprisingly sincere and funny combination.
The redesigned Sonic is spot-on while comedian and TV's "Parks and Recreation" star Ben Schwartz brings enough goofy charm and manic energy voicing the anthropomorphic blue hedgehog character.
The big jokes are hilarious, and there are a lot of them. But the movie's throwaway bits are just as hysterical, sometimes even more so.
The Campaign is worth a watch. It's funny, well-acted, and entertaining
Michael Cera makes for a fine action hero. And while I'm at it, keep Brandon Routh as Superman!
The story, the players, and the two leads are all endearing in the very best of ways -- warm, funny, charming and bloody lovely.
Seems ... like a lesser version of what may be Pixar's two weakest efforts, the "Cars" movies.
It's a broad comedy of stereotypes whose serious themes are sentimentally mishandled, and saddled with a browbeatingly reverential attitude to high culture in the form of Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto in D Major.
As in the original film, it's the chemistry among the actors that really counts. And fortunately, the filmmakers have reassembled the terrific cast.
The Final Girls is an entertaining bit of spoof comedy that has its own strengths and more emotion than the average horror film.
The Oscar-winning Bridges sounds like he's chewing marbles and suddenly looks 10 years older than 63.
A dark, daring and very funny R-rated comedy that wears its penchant for bad taste like a badge of honor.
The format brilliantly brings an audience that much closer to a handful of increasingly lonely, yet contagiously enthusiastic, animals.
In place of real romance and comedy, it offers worn-out clichs, by-the-numbers platitudes, and frozen smiles that few in the audience will want to imitate.
A breathlessly scampering slapstick delight.
At one level, it is pretty bad. Then, on the other level, it is downright horrible. Unless you're an entertainment masochist, neither is very much fun.
This is a major blast of fast-talking, loopily plotted, politically incorrect film fun.
If you're up for a comedy that has its heart in the right place but isn't actually funny, then have yourself a time.
Does well for a film built on a thin plot and an outlandish premise but it works well and it's good to see MacFarlane take his first steps into filmmaking.
I felt like it was crushing the soul out of me. But it's still not as bad as Grown-Ups 2.
Full of wonderful set-pieces of both comedy and horror, Severance is a remarkable success...
You got your humour, you got your horror, simply ratchet up both and, voilà, Severance -- or, as the billing not inaccurately puts it, The Office Meets Deliverance.
...an exhilarating burst of adolescence, a youth movement of wit, energy, ingenuity and sweetness.
The film slugs along, never bad, exactly, but never funny either, and as it works towards its vaguely farcical resolution, it starts to resemble every other lame Brit-com.
This revelatory documentary lets us see what it's like to be an actress at an audition.
The film is amusing from start to finish, but one pseudo-video-taped segment of "KNIGHTS" (a "COPS" spoof) rocks the theater. It's hands down (or handcuffed) hilarious.
If you remake a mediocre movie, you get another mediocre movie.
There's fun to be had in the shtick, but the point? It's missing, presumed dead.
Pixar's track record is Incredible! Yet another great film for kids and adults alike!
The dadzillas put you to sleep with their cliched humour as they make desperate attempts to win over their children.
My heartfelt advice is have mercy on your children and take them to see WALL-E instead.
The movie may not win Sandler many new fans, but it's a baby step toward making comedies with a bit more substance than, say, The Waterboy.
It's not that Fey and Carell don't make for a convincing onscreen couple; they simply overplay their 'embarrassing parent' shtick far too early and are left spitting cheap soundbites at each other in a genial, neverending bout of one-upmanship.
The movie's rhythm is off-kilter and oddly paced. Moreover, the film's script seems truncated at points; a lot of the plot details feel underdeveloped.
It isn't as consistently funny as some of the 11-minute TV episodes, but fans should be sufficiently absorbed that they'll be able to ignore the fact that it's a little waterlogged.
That pervasive sense of the humanistic, along with judicious use of, but not overreliance on, special effects and some exceptionally clever staging of actors...should earn Ghost Town some fast and furious word of mouth.
Midnight in Paris contains sequences happier than can be described.
The animation is superb, but the length and sledgehammer delivery takes Cars 2 down to second gear.
Sweet, funny, cringe-worthy, and a testament to the importance of high school friendships.
The tour turns out to be such a treat that one both hopes and expects the studio to turn it into a ride. But until that ride is built, the movie will have to suffice.
Soft but no less entertaining (and very timely) satire on commercialism in contemporary society, , particularly in the burgeoning teen pop music market.
The comedy is very unsubtle, and huge swathes of screen-time are given over to Fred Willard as a presenter on a dumb entertainment TV show - funny, yes, but not funny enough to justify the vast amount of time he is given.
a film filled with big laughs
The script is disappointing and the film largely plays out like an extended comedy sketch that quickly wears out its welcome.
It's a polarizing film that some like myself will love and find to be brilliantly funny and others will just find it too weird and annoying to get on board with.
Never less than watchable, thanks to its superb cast, but it could and should have been so much better. A sadly wasted opportunity.
Not good enough for even a rental, this 'Barnyard' should be burned for fear of mad cow disease
Hit and Run is certainly hit and miss, but it had just about won me over by the time it ended.
Parenting dramedy entertains but unlikely to appeal to kids.
The premise is brimming with possibilities -- and none go unfulfilled.
Overall, not a bad weekend matinee for the whole family.
I will be up front about this. The movie was not made for me, so I found it pretty insignificant. But it's also quite painless.
It's far from Gervais's big-screen masterpiece but it gives you hope he's got one in him.
So many things worked so well that you might not expect would %u2013 from the cheery fakery of an awkward high school reunion to the complexities of this line of work.
It may aggravate as many moviegoers as it pleases, but it's likely to live in memory longer than most of the well-behaved fare seen in recent months.
While Vahle and Tosca are the most attractive people onscreen, they are the least interesting characters.
Uninspired romcom is no My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
It's part of the joke here that Chili is a die-hard cineaste and loves reminiscing about smart, stylish tough-guy films he has enjoyed. Get Shorty belongs on that list.
It's crude, for sure, relentlessly so, but it's also just dumb and, when it tries to get something close to serious, kind of depressing.
[Contains] moments of delicious black humour and satire.
Overlooked musical with some great numbers. C'mon, pearl!
Sizzles with unbounded charm.
Funny is some spots, idiotic in others and a combination of both during its moments of raunchy insanity, That's My Boy is a suitably moronic entry into the canon of Adam Sandler's man-child comedies.
McCarthy is the star of the film, but her willingness to let her fellow actors shine when an opportunity knocks to give the audience a belly-laugh is clear, and it's the undeniable strength of the supporting cast that makes Spy a strong a film.
A playful action blockbuster with a top-shelf cast and a refreshingly unconventional concept.
This PG-13 rated film -- give me a break! -- illustrates everything wrong with the MPAA's rating system. Sleaze oozes from every celluloid frame.
"The Dilemma" is never dull, but it's also a mess.
Dave has been directed by Ivan Reitman in a refreshingly restrained fashion -- there are plenty of quiet passages, rare for American movies these days -- which compliments Kevin Kline's wonderful work as well.
Totally harrowing.
I cannot, however, much as I'd like to, quite recommend this movie -- the going gets a little thick at the end, and some of the plot developments are dumb... But that isn't to say I'm scornful of the film's special qualities and its gentle good humor.
Though hampered by bad distribution deals and multiple title changes, word of mouth helped Spider Baby to connect with fans of schlock cinema.
It has its rewards, most notably a likable trio of teen characters - and a couple of wild-card sidekicks - who are given room to carve out personalities of their own.
[Maher's] beef against Judeo-Christian tradition is studiously researched, and seems to point to where Maher's animus really lies -- he does live in a country where no non-Christian, is likely to be elected President in his lifetime.
Big money, big risk, pretty big reward. That's been his consistent pattern, and it's high time to give credit where credit is overdue: James Cameron delivers.
Beyond its creepy back story, the horror in this morally confused and cinematically inert film is entirely nominal.
The film seldom displays much in the way of directorial hallmarks.
I doubt even rabid fans of the first two will consider Shrek the Third a worthy addition to the franchise.
You and your children will have sat through many worse films that took far easier routes to the screen - which is not to say that Wonder Park is not immediately forgettable.
Basically Planes, Trains and Automobiles with Robert Downey Jr. and Zach Galifianakis, - the earned sentiment and John Hughes cred.
You get a sense of where it's headed as the first scene opens to the sound of a toilet flushing and the sight of Drew Barrymore exiting a public restroom stall.
When Mr. Leguizamo isn't doing third-rate ethnic parody, he is wallowing in scatological jokes that are so poorly prepared and executed that they make similar antics by Mr. Carrey play like classic routines.
Showtime's complete lack of originality oozes off the screen like, um, rancid popcorn butter.
A pretty entertaining, extremely good-looking cinematic blip.
No year-end awards but boy did I laugh.
The best buddy-cop comedy since Rush Hour 2.
Lacks freshness and has the air of contrivance. It's gone too far into its own self-referential head and the cast of favorite fairy tale characters feels overpopulated.
When the brothers aren't onscreen, you might consider relieving yourself of the beverages you consumed earlier in the movie.
It's aca-awesome.
A film where a scene in which a fancy sofa is purchased at an auction is treated with more heat and excitement than any of the subsequent action that may or may not occur on that very same sofa.
It's a delightful surprise that Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle is so hilarious for pretty much all the reasons it should be so predictably brainless.
An hilarious mining of the comic book hero's history.
A rather bland comedy that never rises above its sitcom premise.
Gnomeo & Juliet won't change any paradigms in animation or in depictions of Shakespeare, but it will certainly keep kids in stitches and their parents smiling for its short duration. Perhaps that's enough.
There's value in films about supernatural heroes and bigger-than-life villains, but the ones that stick with us feature characters we can relate to. Apatow has given birth to that sort of film, and he should be a very proud papa.
Spacey takes such palpable delight in being a suave hard-ass that it's impossible not to like him.
A movie featuring Ice Cube bellowing 'No more profanity!' and meaning it should produce a lot more laughs than this intermittently amusing sequel.
Thanks to plucky performances and some perfectly precious pets, "Mr. Poppers Penguins" provides a pleasant, if obviously packaged, pursuit.
Let the dust finally settle on these museum pieces.
A would-be heart-tugging, inspiring paean to the do-it-yourself ethic/aesthetic and its concomitant community-building powers, the latest film from visual lo-fi innovator Michel Gondry is slight and finally unconvincing, alas.
Desperate, dull and enough to have Romero's zombies spinning in their graves. Well, more than usual, anyway.
The grating sense of commercial calculation in Jersey Girl consistently undercuts Smith's fine writing.
Some art reaches above its influences to create a unique vision. Boots Riley's Sorry to Bother You is one such piece of art.
Depp, back again as the swashbuckling miscreant who favors guy-liner and gold, somehow manages to keep this ship of fools afloat. But just barely.
Doesn't really have any kind of personality or identity on its own. It's just "the fourth Pirates movie".
Cop Out feels like a pilot lost without 20 or so episodes to follow it up.
what night's rubbish night again?
Overstays its welcome, and overplays the notion that Wiseau, though a chump, represents the true spirit of Hollywood dreams, but plenty of amusing moments.
It's immensely stylish, darkly funny, and has dialogue partly written by the Coen brothers, which never hurts.
From Bridesmaids to Bad Moms, the whole "women behaving badly" schtick is certainly nothing new. But is it still funny? It can be -- when you've got leading ladies as good as the cast of Rough Night.
The sense that the different elements don't really add up to much may well leave some feeling cold; for others, the sharp dialogue and comic beats will produce a similar fondness for the characters that In Bruges' best scenes did.
For the amount of years it took to bring their cultish misadventures to the big screen, someone must have had a B-side script cause that would have been a letter up.
If A Prairie Home Companion is director Robert Altman's swan song, it's a tune with plenty of sweet, rootsy grace notes.
Imaginative it ain't but, in all, it's an agreeably girly accompaniment to a box of Maltesers. You might also want to take along some earplugs.
Shaun is able to balance the comedy and the gore in a way that will satisfy both zombie genre fans and less bloodthirsty viewers.
I fear for humanity.
the script is smartly written, offering plenty of loving jabs to the horror genre... It's heart's in the right place, even if that place happens to be outside of its ribcage
In spite of this sogginess, and despite a self-congratulatory, do-gooder streak that the film discovers within Dave, this comedy remains bright and buoyant much of the way through.
It's as light and soft as a pink satin pillow, and a little overstretched, but it's also packed with bawdy zingers and pointed political barbs.
An enervated, crass and gruesomely caricatured trip to nowhere [that] seems conceived primarily to find new and more cynical ways to abuse the loyalty of its audience.
A tip of the hat to Ed Wood's 1953 Glen or Glenda, which is a masterpiece in comparison to this cheesy dreck.
Shakespeare in Love is a wonder to behold, and to cherish.
For a while, "Crazy Rich Asians" has the airborne, happy preposterousness of a good screwball comedy. Those first 60 minutes or so are a treat: lighthearted, sure-handed, zippy.
Captured forever here in a filmic bottle is pop-culture lightning, not only Beatles magic and energy but the spirit of the early 60s that sustained it.
There's a playfulness, here, that you don't often find in a special-effect flick.
I guess I enjoyed Winnebago Man, but I knew it could have been more.
Scoob's messages should reach children just fine, but there is enough here to appease adults. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's good. Frantic, yes, sometimes aggressively so. There's some padding in the airborne sequences built to exploit the 3-D format. But a tender and upbeat spirit informs the writing and the execution.
The result is a cinematic illustration of the law of diminishing returns, in which more money, more exotic locales, more crazy situations and more Mike Tyson all fuel a familiar carnival of abasement.
Friedberg and Seltzer are nothing if not intrepid and they jump right into his Willy Wonka and his Captain Jack Sparrow, landing with such a leaden thud that they should be nursing their wounds for the rest of their lives.
Lacks freshness and has the air of contrivance. It's gone too far into its own self-referential head and the cast of favorite fairy tale characters feels overpopulated.
Yeah, it's all a little bit on the camp side. It's a musical based on the songs of ABBA. A little bit camp is probably the height of restraint.
In Open Season, the bad guys are such caricatures that there's just never any doubt as to the outcome.
Yes Man is proof that reverse psychology works; No, it's not worth seeing because, no, it's not that funny.
Yet another case of Hollywood execs trying way too hard to give the audience what they think it wants.
Good-natured, melodic and sweet as can be, "Music and Lyrics" is like listening to your favorite '80s compilation: It just plain makes you feel good.
The computer-animated Happy Feet gets even weirder with a late-in-the-game development that is meant to be upsetting and is.
My faith in humanity has been restored. I watched a couple leave the theater.
Its Noah's-Ark-like coupling aside, the movie is at times awkwardly charming and generally innocuous: the stepsister isn't the baddie, and female friendship isn't an impediment to a happily ever after.
Wanna go out and get a surprise at the theater? Take your seat and laugh at these folks in one of the first great comedies of 2018.
What was the funniest bit? The Minions.
If there really was a merciful God, the film negatives would have been burnt to a crisp in a freak accident. No such luck.
Firehouse Dog isn't quite the equivalent of the 1999 talking-infant bomb Baby Geniuses, but at times it's close enough for discomfort.
Often funny premise, but comedy cast makes it work.
With a story that by turns defies and adheres to formulas, It's Complicated ends up being one of the end-year's best sources of pure entertainment.
This is a satire that knows when to surprise.
Fantastic black comedy, burnt like toast. Unfilled expectations and the need to be loved turn into a hilariously horrific caravan trip for two strange lovebirds.
If we wind up living in a world in which every movie that Paul Feig directs from this point forward stars Melissa McCarthy, isn't that a pretty good world to live in?
The best joke of the movie (inadvertently) is the giant, glass-walled offices that the staff reporters all have. Meanwhile in the real world, I finally got a cubicle by a window and it's only taken me 20 years to get it.
Certain stretches truly sparkle, but the movie is not as inventive as The Winslow Boy, nor as relaxed and goofy as Midsummer[night's Dream].
A quirky little movie that takes its whimsical, embrace-your-inner-kid metaphor much too seriously.
Should get the whole family laughing, albeit for different reasons.
There really isn't a spark of genuine humour or life in the entire thing, and the movie grinds its way to a syrupy finale.
The film isn't painfully bad, and on occasion it's almost strange enough to pass muster on that score alone.
There are low moments, flat moments and unconvincing moments - but Gloria deserves to be protected at all costs.
What is silly about Bride is also what makes it special. That and its leading lady, the luminous Aishwarya Rai.
The film's unique script strangely succeeds in mashing together both intense violence and grand comedy.
Chan is amazing to watch.
This is a movie where no matter how hard you try to hate it, the thing just keeps on bouncing back with an amusing joke or some sharply-observed line.
Very lean and speedy... Its primary goal seems to be to entertain as quickly as possible and get the audience back out the door before the story gets old.
Farrelly fans may say they've lost their edge, but a good heart lifts this movie above average
A thoroughly entertaining little film, full of terrific performances and some hilarious moments.
Something of mixed reaction, a movie in which Myers remains an influencing screen presence, but the script doesn't do him justice.
What Juliet, Naked may lack in depth it makes up for in pure, uncut charm - especially from [Rose] Byrne.
These are the same old, adorable Muppets, as sweetly innocent and likable as ever. Winking at itself, the movie is casually, amusingly self-reflexive.
A wall-to-wall delight peppered with gags for adults, Spongebob 2 absolutely holds up to a second viewing.
People buried up to their necks and raised for food. Yum? A drive-in classic.
Where is the conflict and why should I care about any of this?
"Cary carries off a one-joke premise"
What seems like another desperate adventure in stunt casting turns out to be a combustible comic bounty.
An innocuous romantic comedy about missed connections, like Serendipity for people who can't vote yet.
The movie is as well-intentioned as a Christmas card, but as a work of narrative art, it's a train wreck.
It shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure, but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between.
[Writer/director Tina Gordon Chism is ] good at low-key, observational humor, and the all-around excellent cast swings with aplomb from silly to sweet.
Here is a family movie from which absolutely nothing is expected, and yet it's one of the week's best releases: a muscular, potent and very funny film.
The Patsy reflects a genuine affection for the artisans and jacks-of-all-trades that make careers like Lewis's possible.
Refreshingly offbeat, delightfully funny and irresistibly entertaining without a dull moment.
It's put across with enough brio to excuse the inherent stupidity of the premise.
Mia Wasikowska and Robert Pattinson are seemingly having a lot of fun on this project, and in turn, so are we.
Pretty insulting when you stop and think about it.
For all its glossy, genuinely entertaining action, it's uncertain how long The Rundown will stick with you once you leave the theater. What is certain is this: The Rock has arrived as a movie star.
Please Give is one of those movies that can be enjoyed simply for its funny portraits of human foibles and fumbling grasps at intimacy -- but it's also deceivingly profound.
'Love the Coopers' reminds me, once again, that older audiences don't have much to love.
Some days you just can't resist cartoon chimps mocking William Shatner's delivery.
Approaching contentious topics with clarity and tact and attempting to find the correct balance between irony and outright offence within a comedic context can often be a tricky affair.
... unfunny trash ...
John Belushi's raucous toga party isn't for young kids.
Second verse, not as good as the first.
pitch perfect fun.
The movie seeks to make you laugh while also risking offense by going too far. It succeeds on both counts.
Gervais and Merchant's previous projects mastered the tightrope walk between comic cruelty and earnest drama. With Cemetery Junction, they waver wildly, unveiling some of their ugliest jokes and most saccharine emotional moments to date.
Morticia is strangely subdued, her quips now as musty as their mansion. This is Wednesday's film though, and it does perk up as she deadpans her way around home and school, fighting conformity on both sides.
The overheard men's thoughts are funny at times - a sequence where Ali gatecrashes the weekly poker game is a highlight - but overall it feels a bit artificial and unrealistic.
Oh my, this is truly embarrassing.
Funnyman Jack Black was born for this role - crisp, improvisational and brilliantly zany.
Everything is still awesome.
Your opinion of this unasked-for but likable comedy sequel depends entirely on whether your reaction to the statement "It's better than the first one" is 1) "Dear God, it could hardly be worse" or 2) "Awesome!"
It's about time there was a cop comedy featuring girls!
Hosoda adds enough dimensions to his characters and kinetic battles that the serene real world seems like a dream state.
Its charms are too slight and fleeting.
Not bad enough that it's witless and bland, but what a waste of Ed Harris!
An overall lack of adventurousness negates any genuine sense of surprise, but credit this Indian-themed indie for spicing up a familiar and routine dish with reasonably tasty flavor.
So lazy and so void of even the most rudimentary sense of storytelling that it showers the viewer with contempt...I've never felt as abused by a filmmaker as I did in Hot Rod.
With engaging performances, foul debauchery masked in good taste and some hilariously evil setups; Neighbors will be playing at Delta Tau Chi for years to come.
Disposable yet superficially satisfying, just like the '80s.
The series was on its last legs with this offering.
Johnson spent too much time on the sentimentality and forgot to focus on the main character.
It's sad to watch the kingpins of gross-out try to dial down to cute. Swung at and missed.
Plays like a listless '60s overseas co-production.
A film you'll want to see twice to catch all of the punchlines, "Wild Hogs" is a great ride down the comedy highway.
uninteresting
If this film doesn't make you want to smile, you've no one to blame but yourself.
Watching Depp in The Black Pearl was like discovering a new acting continent. Watching him here is like returning to a warm, familiar place - nice and all, not exciting
Meet the Parents generates most of its laughs in the give-and-take between Stiller and De Niro.
If you're planning to see Shallow Hal with the expectation it will be as funny as the Farrelly brothers' Kingpin or Dumb and Dumber, you may be in for one of the year's biggest disappointments.
Who can forget Jessica Simpson? You will, if you're lucky.
Well-made, well-acted and at times very touching, despite featuring characters generally behaving like obsessed weirdos
As the film progresses ... the inanity of the proceedings begins to take over the comedy, and no amount of performance magic can rescue the conclusion, enjoyably madcap as it may be.
Of course it's not at the same level of Pixar's best works and feels loose a lot of the time, but it's beautifully animated and quite entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
Oh, to be an eleven year old boy with a thing for cars, spy movies and slapstick. Otherwise...
In the first five minutes, a deer walks into the star's bedroom and urinates on his face. It's all downhill from there.
It's hard to imagine a more inspired Lego film, or one less concerned with selling toys.
.. the joy for viewers is in the familiarity of the travellers, not to mention the escapist nature of their journey...
Farmiga and Garcia have a chemistry that's unassuming and sneaky, and the pleasure they get from each other's company ultimately proves infectious[.]
... not nearly as funny or insightful as it thinks it is, but I will say this for Phil Johnston's script: it runs like clockwork right down to the crises which show up predictably at 30 and 60 minutes in.
As It's a Wonderful Life knock-offs go, this one isn't half-bad.
A straight-forward action film that owes its look to James Bond.
If you count yourself among the curious, spend an afternoon with George.
I say good for Russell for risking a protagonist who requires some patience and forgiveness.
Part of the film's shtick is that there's just so much of it ... You can feel comfortable going to the bathroom when you need to, because, in the extremely grand scale of things, you can't have really missed anything, because there's so much more to come.
all four women step up onto a karaoke stage in Abu Dhabi and give a rousing rendition of "I Am Woman" surrounded by a bevy of belly dancers. There is just so much wrong with that image that it'S hard to know where to start. But then again, why bother?
The story never really takes flight, but the Coens get a few good hops out of it as it bumps down the runway.
The material has been done before and there's not much more one can do with it. Thank God for Queen Latifah and the broad strokes she brings to it.
I suspect this boorish, crude, often vulgar British comedy lost a great deal of its jolly credence whilst crossing the Atlantic.
Kids will giggle at Remy's antics, while the grown-ups will find in Ratatouille a feast of inventive animation with a generous portion of culinary inspiration.
Meg Ryan really needs to steer clear of embarrassments like this.
Brilliantly funny, inventive and delirious.
In fairness to the two actors, who have appeared in much better films, they don't have much to work with here.
Never comes to life, with each two-dimensional character mouthing platitudes designed to tell you what to think about them.
The Secret Life of Pets 2 brims with the simple joy of being on this planet, with all its ups and downs. I'm sure it will still be in cinemas for the looming school holidays. Any kid who likes animals will love it.
Even with a bizarre public hanging and some animated shootings, the action scenes felt insipid, while the humor didn't improve.
There's no single shot, movement, joke, or line of dialogue that seems wasted.
Sometimes hitters can get caught just looking at that curve fall in for a strike, and all they can do is wonder how they fell for something so light. Plenty of people will leave Fever Pitch with that feeling.
The film's numbing lack of intelligence, exhibited from the start, makes "Get Hard" tough to watch, even by Hart/Ferrell standards.
Buster Keaton's third and shortest feature ranks among his best.
Well-worth seeing for a couple of good chuckles.
A joyfully simple and exceedingly entertaining motion picture that is about as much unadulterated fun as you are likely to have at the movies all year.
a flick as deadly to the concept of entertainment as the deadly sin of the same name is to one's mortal soul
Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie may be silly, stupid and ridiculous, but it's incredibly creative with its humour, animation, characters and story that its silliness makes it all part of its charm.
I laughed almost without pause; at several points I made horselike snorting sounds that hurt the insides of my nose.
a fitting accolade to a fallen funnyman
It brings the fun and is packed full of belly-laugh moments and dazzling visuals.
Paramount's uneven attempt to challenge Disney in the feature-length animation department.
It would be understandable if Disney played it safe here, but they didn't. In fact, they pull a couple of stunts that will live forever.
Smells of something trying much too hard with too little to show for the effort.
Amid the corny cliches, the writers have buried several genuinely hilarious throwaway lines.
Any children's movie so giddily entertaining and inventive can be forgiven for occasional lapses in logic, plotting and acting that may perturb adult viewers.
I was not prepared for the moment when The Tween Who Cried Wolf became The Lindsay Lohan Movie.
Adult Beginners is The Skeleton Twins with less suicidal ideation and more kids thrown into the mix.
A formulaic sports movie, "Kicking and Screaming" won't have fans cheering in the aisles.
Seems more like a product than an attempt to tell a story.
Its Lynchian vibe and sheer audacity make it one of my favorite films I've seen so far this year.
Ghost Light is a success in a minor key
If "Henry's Crime'' is occasionally too pleased with itself, it's also pleasantly unpredictable, and it has a trio of sweet hambone performances at its center.
It should come as no surprise that when you team Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston with a Labrador retriever, you get a bundle of blond fluff.
A surprisingly good vampire movie at a time when even barely decent vampire movies are rare.
Silver Linings Playbook is a fine, funny film, and one that should charm viewers who haven't been tricked by all those Oscar nominations into anticipating it as some kind of world-changing work of art for the ages.
Eminently worth seeing, even if it leaves you wishing it were as consistently inventive as Aardman's first feature, Chicken Run.
Get Smart is happy enough to play for straight laughs rather than truly subversive wit.
Hughes has written and directed (he also produced) a perfectly balanced comedy that squeezes every last laugh out of a concept so simple you wouldn't think it could possibly succeed.
Mais um exemplo de como a Pixar consegue construir, digitalmente, aquilo que a maior parte dos realizadores contemporâneos falha em criar com atores reais: histórias e personagens repletos de humanidade e doçura.
Joe Swanberg's Win It All understands addicts in a fashion that's unusual for American cinema.
The chemistry between the leading ladies is a virtue. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Coming Race works just a bit too hard at being bonkers.
...one of the most beautifully animated films of the decade, filled with stunning visual pyrotechnics and incredible attention to detail.
The movie's tongue-in-cheek (and pre-subprime) satire of surging capitalist hubris is scarcely mitigated by the necessary fairy-tale ending.
In spite of its scruffy look and slack pacing, it often rings as false as any of the big, shiny and soft studio rom-coms (starring Kate Hudson or Katherine Heigl, say) of the last decade.
A bunch of small disasters, collected together and fed to Cedric the Entertainer.
Although all these actors prove the shrewd casting choices of Bad Moms, it is Hahn who makes this unassuming summer blockbuster something close to stellar.
I know I should like it. It's produced by Laika. The stop-motion animation is imaginative and brilliant. But...
The script . . . has its heart in the right place aside from some bizarre tonal shifts, but it's too vetted in personifying everyone's arcs to actually move well.
Home has an original, convincingly satirical concept at its heart, but much of the execution feels overly familiar.
This comedy is essentially a goofy premise with some nutty dialog and set pieces pasted onto it. But it's watchably entertaining, even though the filmmakers miss almost every opportunity for sublime absurdity.
The story is trite and uninteresting. And the humor is only occasionally funny, and that's largely because it's almost impossible not to be impressed by Tracey Ullman's manic energy.
As fun as The Boss is, it would be nice to see (McCarthy) focus on movies with real scripts, populated by real people, tackling real life. Blending her gifts for the comic and the dramatic, McCarthy really could be the Boss.
Watching this holiday dud is like opening a fantastic Christmas present -- a gift that is exactly what you wanted and that, shortly thereafter, unravels, breaks, or otherwise falls apart.
This is as detestable a hard-R offense (equal-opportunity offender though it may be) as has ever been released to theaters.
The corny jokes and the tired plot will make any self-respecting adult grimace.
The Happytime Murders isn't so much interested in immersing you in a comedic world so much as it is in having its puppets do the most outrageous things you've never seen or heard puppets do in a movie.
It's not for everyone, but for an audience in tune with this borderline brand of comedy, it's something to see.
A flat, uninvolving, and annoying sci-fi and 3D animated film
The short attention spans of directors David Bowers and Sam Fell are mostly forgivable because the movie is filled with so many entertaining characters.
As with Jackie Chan's other stateside releases, this is contrived, blockheaded, and lacking in narrative logic. But also like those other films, it is a highly enjoyable ride.
Overall, this is an enjoyable ride, despite the occasional preaching.
This is all pretty enjoyable, especially the witty banter between the characters (though, strangely, the dialogue between Jessica and Helen is often the weakest in the film).
It gives us a character who is completely unlikeable on the surface, and without changing a thing about who the character is, the film dares us not to like him by the end.
Flatly ignores any kind of joy-of-filmmaking themes and instead takes the standard coming-of-age route.
Maybe you'll be in the right mood and like this stuff. It looks good, and the actors are several notches above the usual parody cast in ability. And yet...
Our Family Wedding is another Hollywood fast-food sandwich. But instead of two squirts of ketchup someone actually took the time to lay some fresh tomato on that greasy bun.
There are innumerable set pieces, most of which take an awfully long time to deliver an awfully weak gag.
It's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful, all at once.
Computer effects have reduced a magnificent animal to a cartoon comic foil with human expressions and a yen for red licorice.
Poor Jennifer Lopez. Despite star billing, she is but a spectator at Fonda's fireworks show.
Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon play the leads. Do they convince as lawyers or lovers? No. Do they convince as space aliens trying to infiltrate the human race? Yes.
This try to film what's been called an unfilmable book reminds me of the old ditty: They all said it couldn't be done; They all said he couldn't do it; So he tackled the job that couldn't be done; And, by George, he couldn't do it.
Spies in Disguise has a lightness in its humor and a thoughtfulness in its discussion of how to solve problems, with a great voice acting turn from Will Smith.
[I Feel Pretty] confuses trivialization with lightening. [Full Review in Spanish]
With a craftsman this assured, we could definitely thank God for jokes in general, or we could cut out the middleman by just thanking Birbiglia for the jokes he chooses to tell.
"The Boxtrolls" took years of blood, sweat and clay to come to life...and I'm happy to report it was all worth it.
Bad Moms admittedly does have its heart in the right place as made clearly evident by the ending credits that actually features footage of the lead actors talking to their real-life mothers about their upbringing and childhood
While the film will make you contemplate the effects of technology on human interaction, the script is dull and one dimensional. The worst part is that it could have been great.
I loved this. It is so beautiful and there's almost an innocence to it that Burton achieves.
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed.
A horror movie franchise that has sunk to the lower depths of self-parody.
Either very brave or very stupid for Jennifer Tilly; I was glad to have it end.
There will be better movies playing in the same theater, even if it is a duplex, but on the other hand there is something to be said for goofiness without apology by broken lizards who just wanna have fun.
While tastelessness is rampant and the humor uneven, The Dictator also has its moments of slyly clever satire.
Combining vivid characters with a fresh story, this is one of Pixar's best films yet.
This may be the longest 90 minutes you ever spend in a theater. You've been warned.
Not the king of the jungle, but still cute; some peril/guns.
A bubbly, frothy, grandly entertaining romantic comedy as delicious as its champagne tinted cinematography.
It is awful, unfunny and moronic. And that applies to the best bits. Most of the movie is even worse.
'Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates' and a more even script.
Even if it never quite jumps out of the tried-and-true mould, the sharp cast and clever script spice things up.
"Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates" gives us too much hangover and not enough buzz.
Gives us the most evil EPA agent in movies since William Atherton unleashed the minions of Zool on New York City.
For a film that is supposed to be about the holiday spirit, "The Night Before" is rife with selfish and self-centered behavior by its major protagonists who, at times, seem to be friends simply because the script says so.
What "Bruno" may lack in setup innovation, character conviction or "Borat's" inherent sweetness, it makes up for by pushing things beyond points of comfort or, in some cases, personal safety. Successfully uproarious in slaying social stratification.
It just wasn't very creative or fun scary.
The success of The First Wives Club rests on the way it makes the audience feel like insiders, like part of a glamorous Hollywood club.
Shows signs of brilliance - an adventure that is both familiar and fun.
a cheerfully cheesy homage to great and not-so-great sci-fi movies of days gone by
When all is said and done, [it] could have afforded another rewrite and a willingness to avoid pandering to the MPAA ratings board.
What is so surprising -- even exhilarating -- about The Names of Love is that it shucks off the desultory roadblocks that engine the modern romantic comedy.
A beautiful film that possesses the power to enchant all ages.
Brett Ratner, the great refusnik of all the A-list, big-budget action film directors, sticks steadfastly to formula.
Bloody good fun.
Apparently they were made for each other (unfortunately the actors weren't).
Guest e sua trupe sempre conseguem divertir com seus mockumentaries, mas este longa, ainda que pontualmente brilhante, encontra-se entre os mais frgeis da filmografia atpica do cineasta.
As with his previous movie, Submarine, director Richard Ayoade doesn't really bring anything new to the screen here, but what he does bring is flush with style and a special kind of grim, darkly comic energy.
Micmacs is never at a loss for imaginative frills; it's the details of the plotting, however, that get somewhat mired in the weeds.
This sequel to the very successful introduction of the Guardians of the Galaxy gives us more of the same fun - dazzling CGI, funny one-liners and a simply adorable Groot.
By one way of looking at it, Fist Fight might be seen as a timely nightmare -- not about bullying but being downsized. For that reason alone, it's not a complete waste of time. Also it features a rampaging horse on meth.
overall, gets by as mediocre.
While never fully satisfactory at either, it is a comedy with some nice laughs, and a romance with some sweet moments.
While too overtly modest to be a comedy game-changer, [it] is almost sufficiently feisty and entertaining to render the term 'a Sundance movie' something less than dread-inspiring.
Thankfully, "R.I.P.D." is a short film, with a duration of only 96 minutes. But I was wishing for its ending long before then.
'Slo se puede recomendar si no tiene nada que hacer y est con nimos de una buena dosis de humor negro y excesivo. Si no, ni le busque'
Popeye is a sustained eureka.
The idea that Santa Claus... is getting the life lessons and not giving them is the surest indicator of how crass this movie is.
Turns out a Tyler Perry movie - Tyler Perry is a good thing.
Not Marilyn's finest, but decent and memorable.
Enough happens in show business margins of the Hollywood milieu depicted in For Your Consideration, in which Coolidge shows up as a bubbleheaded producer, to make up for a somewhat soft center.
Arrives at some thoughtful conclusions that are likely to strike chords with mothers and daughters.
Watching Jason Statham skewer his tough-man persona is just one of Spy's delights... It's here you can see the feminist twist on this take-down of the 007 franchise: dudes make everything worse.
Not a great movie but still one of the funnier iPad commercials I've seen lately.
The A-Team is a can of soda -- empty calories, full of fizz. But like a good, cold can of soda on a hot summer day, it's curiously refreshing, tasty and it hits the spot.
The set-up offers the nastiest parody of modern conformity since 'Idiocracy. But it doesn't follow through. It doesn't have the attention span.
Spins the conventional rom-com formula by satirizing and embracing it while making a timeless classic as a result.
The Turtles return in this underwhelming sequel that generally fares about as well as its predecessor...
The only person who fares well here is York, and that's because his character is killed off just minutes into the picture.
So over the top you can't look away. It just gets crazier and crazier.
The humour seems a little lost in translation.
You'll have a good time if you consider plenty of pink outfits enough to make a picture worthwhile. Otherwise spend the evening with C-SPAN. It's less boring.
Ingrid Goes West is a wickedly hilarious satire about a vacuous stratum of society.
Delightful, warm, upbeat and joyous ... This is a movie where every single one of the 'bad guys' turns out to be absolutely lovely after all, and everyone is constantly getting along ... It's silly but never stupid, absurd but never ridiculous.
There are certainly golden moments, but the pop culture references can be heavy-handed and the gags often feel too drawn-out.
There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk. But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
A sweet-natured but awfully clumsy animated tale. Best for very young viewers.
With low, low expectations in mind, the film is not utterly atrocious.
There's plenty to recommend.
It really should be a Marvel-level event that Gloria Bell sees Moore adding to her L.A. pantheon in a major way. Don't let the movie's deceptively banal title fool you -- this is as complete and full-bodied a performance as you're likely to see all year.
Few movies about groups of male friends do such a strong job with the dynamics between individual people and the collection as a whole.
Your enjoyment of the film rests entirely on enjoying the company of Coogan and Brydon. I find the duo extremely talented and funny, and many sequences in the film are very, very, funny indeed.
The real question is whether Dave and Stoney and Link are worthy heirs to Bill and Ted or Wayne and Garth. Not really.
Pretty much everything in this South Korean co-production is slightly undercooked, lacking the same degree of sprightly wit or dramatic punch regularly found in A-list studio product.
Hard-core fans will recognize Scoop as his best comedy in years, while detractors will complain that it's just more of the same.
R.V. isn't just a bad movie; it's more than that, it's symptomatic of a kind of bad movie that seems to be proliferating like cinematic cockroaches.
The film blends Big and Vice Versa with Never Been Kissed, whilst also managing to do its own thing.
Sometimes, the best sequels are the ones that never happen.
When at its best, it's easy to understand its cult status.
Superbly realised film that is paced to perfection.
Tortilla Soup is a passable film, though it's exceptionally predictible, and far from original.
The Croods is exactly the sort of animated fare we receive on a monthly basis from Hollywood. On the scale of such efforts, it's pretty good, with an engaging second half making up for a tedious opening stretch.
It's hard to imagine a more wearied looking ensemble this year than these folks.
This is simply one of the most important and best animated features ever made. Or not made. Or whatever.
This is the kind of movie where no amount of alcohol or class A narcotics can break our protagonists down. They just keep on rockin' hard - sometimes, with Miley Cyrus. It's kinda hilarious.
Brody and Vogel anchor the cast, portraying likeable, charismatic dudes with a friendship that is genuine and enduring in spite of their differences.
Maggie's Plan moves at a mercifully brisk clip (thanks, editor Sabine Hoffman) with a welcome, clever payoff awaiting at the end.
A disappointment.
The only time the writers deviated from the formula is when they replaced Troubled, Handsome Beau with Troubled, Pretty Lesbian.
The real gold here is the performance centrepiece by Black; he delivers a lovable, highly nuanced portrayal of a man who is hard not to feel sympathy for, even if it does grind against your conscience.
Representing the lowest form of mashup, Burr Steers' ridiculous adaptation is, to be fair, a fascinating example of an idiotic culture gone horribly wrong.
The seams show...a somewhat grudging social obligation for audiences over the age of ten to tow their younger charges.
A superspy action-comedy too brain-dead to even qualify as a James Bond knockoff.
hilarious
The multicultural cast gives a shred of substance to what's otherwise a standard adolescent gross-out flick.
Shepard and Palmer just don't do anything terribly exciting with the film's vehicles, drawn mostly from Shepard's personal collection.
Wilson tries far too hard. Dillon is miserable as the square butt of dumb gags. And just six years after Almost Famous, isn't Hudson still a tad young to play the solid, judgingly mature mommy-wife who talks of 'prioritizing responsibilities?'
'Grey' deserved a concentrated attack. It gets a scattershot one, though one that's ultimately, mostly, on the side of the angels
Guy Pearce and Cobie Smulders are exceptionally likable actors, given a great opportunity here. They're so good, you wish there'd be more of them. That's the problem.
the whole exercise can't help but feel a bit zoological, as if we're watching exotic specimens on display.
...an entertaining animated offering that is not only themed to Thanksgiving, but will especially appeal to vegans and vegetarians.
Michel Gondry goes all out here, bringing both the fanciful wonders and dire circumstances of our couple's doomed affair to breathtaking, eye-popping life.
...it's difficult not to ultimately be won over by the uniformly superb performances and Hamburg's emphasis on thoroughly strange bits of comedy.
It's baffling how a movie that cries on the behalf of idealistic, misunderstood teenagers could portray its heroes so one-dimensionally and anyone on the opposite side as a ruthless Neanderthal.
Yes, the movie adaptation is just fine, thank you.
If your kid has recently suffered brain damage or undergone a frontal lobotomy, they probably still won't be fooled by this cookie-cutting, lifeless drudge.
When Happy Feet isn't being pretty darn fun, it's just plain pretty.
Wheatley's film serves as a black-comic state-of-the-nation address.
A generally fun movie as long as your expectations are low enough. But considering the talent of the cast and filmmakers, Fred Claus should be better (and funnier) than this.
What helps offset the predictable in this very predictable movie is a series of show-stopping numbers, so props to the folks who oversaw music and choreography. But the true saving grace is a few of the central players.
It assures Murphy's comeback as one of our most brilliant comic talents.
It's a shock to find that [Jim] Jarmusch's worst is this bad.
Wiig finds herself sadly outmatched in this comedy crammed with wacky and tacky characters-types, all of them-in which she's stuck functioning as the uptight, frustrated straight woman in the middle.
Nothing but a boring, amateurish vanity production.
...its tricky mix of tongue-in-cheek humor, fantastical battle scenes, romantic ballad-worthy swooning, and geeky signifying is, on the whole, a sweet and wondrous triumph.
This is Matsumoto's first feature (he's a famously odd Japanese comedian), but it's a distinctively bizarre piece of work. Remember the name.
Willy Wonkas of the 21st century rejoice! Bumblegum Bond. Oy-Oy-Seven. Worthy of the franchise that awaits it.
"Home Again" is a romantic comedy with its heart in the right place. And that's just about the only thing it has going for it. It's facile, disingenuous, artificial in nearly every way.
Micmacs, finally, is a romp through comic cinema history in which everything zips by so fast that you're too distracted to notice that it's all completely meaningless.
It's a satire of the election process and it also lampoons we the people ... you know, us voters.
Everyone knows that if you don't have anything nice to say, you shouldn't say anything at all. Less well known is the adage: "You can't publish a movie review that is entirely blank."
You can't fault the film's exuberance, but it's draggy in spots, with the grown-up cast outshone by Jolie Vanier's little terror - nattily monikered Helvetica Black.
The second half of this nearly two-hour film is a pure delight - fast-paced and funny and filled with special effects and humor as great as any recent Marvel movie, with the possible exception of "Guardians of the Galaxy."
Sometimes it's so goofy you want to slap it for foisting so many dud slapstick gags. And sometimes it's so intentionally goofy you have to laugh.
An exceptionally funny science-fiction comedy.
'My stupidity astounds me!' chortles Danny DeVito in Deck the Halls, a line that pretty much sums up this tale of warring neighbours with very different ideas about celebrating Christmas.
The film's central friendship gives Bridesmaids a heart as big as its laughs. It pays particular attention to the details and realities of maintaining long term friendships, with special attention to the specifics of friendships between women.
Thematically thoughtful but technically feeble.
The Anti-Villain League needs a better mission plan, but there's still more than enough family charm and minions to keep the film firmly afloat.
Like the first film, this is basically a generic buddy cop movie and an episode of Miami Vice fused together, towing a trunk of old boring ideas and pointless camera tricks.
Whenever the move threatens to work, there's Chevy Chase with his monotone, deadpan cynicism, distancing himself from the material.
Simply put, Much Ado About Nothing is a masterpiece. A heartfelt, beautiful, affecting masterpiece.
Draws its audience in with the promise of laughs, and then reaches into deeper and more rewarding emotional territory from there.
Writer-director John Hoffman leaves no canine cliche unturned in his pandering script.
While essentially a retread of Big, what keeps this body-switch comedy going is the director's love for actors, and his refusal to judge them by the characters they play.
[Crazy Rich Asians is] also about old Chinese traditions, but more than that it is an excellent representation of contemporary China that the world has long been missing.
The House With a Clock in Its Walls has a slick competence and cleverness that will appeal to adults and just enough menace to make the film tense but not terrifying for younger viewers.
Perhaps if you send them a stamped, self-addressed envelope they'll tell us why this was thought to be funny.
NINE LIVES is so bad that it seems the only way it could have gotten made is if it was randomly selected from a pile of unproduced scripts by a chimpanzee.
Even the moments of high danger have a bubbling joy to them: Aquatic slapstick and abandoned dogs turned into merpups set the giggly tone, while Lu flows and flops, all big grins and jellyfishlike dance moves.
It's strange as can be but slightly more fun than it sounds.
O'Haver ... has a great time juggling silly jokes, contemporary tunes and anachronisms like hand-cranked escalators at the medieval mall.
Overwritten script, ugly visuals, queasy rape humour, feeble special effects and all-round incoherence.
"Crystal Fairy" is a funny and authentic look at two very distinct types of Americans abroad, who can't escape themselves no matter how far they go.
Since they have so little material to work with in the first place, Friedberg and Seltzer flog each joke well beyond its limits.
Too much time is dedicated to both bad jokes and funny jokes that are allowed to overstay their welcome and ultimately implode.
Singin' in the Rain will go down in cinema history as the best movie musical of all-time.
Though a bit slow in the in-betweens (you might get a somewhat antsy), The Mask is a cute clean film for the whole family.
While the film is cute and charming, it isn't without its copious cliches. All in all, it's pretty much as expected.
It's refried comic beans that smell stale and smack of desperation.
Stone elevates the material to the near sublime in its best moments.
A well-written, well-acted dramatic comedy that is light on plot but generous in spirit.
There isn't one joke, sight gag or piece of slapstick tomfoolery that lands with any success or originality ...
Chan's best and giddiest movie since the original Shanghai Noon in 2000, and maybe even 1994's Drunken Master II.
'A lot can happen on the road to nowhere,' reads the tagline on the poster for Wild Hogs, a comedy that also illustrates exactly how nothing can happen on the road to nowhere.
...this dull and uninviting Animal House wannabe is just another numb kooky gender-bender romp all dressed up with nowhere to go.
Hart is moving dangerously close to Rob Schneider territory where his very presence in a film is a strike against it.
Youngsters will love this hip spoof on hardware movies.
...an exhilarating burst of adolescence, a youth movement of wit, energy, ingenuity and sweetness.
It's less a movie than a 92-minute bet that children will be amused by/willing to purchase anything with googly eyes slapped on it.
Schumer and Hawn make a great team, their comic chops meshing nicely (a sequel looks all but assured).
... a star-studded, action-packed, loaded-with-laughs, great time!
For the most part it's a dumb gross-out comedy that's inches away from being an Adam Sandler movie.
Carrey's character's clueless "craziness" now seems cruel and even pathologically twisted-not just dumb, but loathsome, pathetic and truly crazy.
Michael Patrick King throws Carrie Bradshaw & Co. under the intellectual bus, making them do monumentally stupid things to satisfy the plot's demands.
As it is, the film only barely scrapes by as a crowd-pleaser. Unfortunately, a majority of the songs that break up the slender narrative are not that memorable.
Broaches topical subjects with a meditative quality that blends nicely with its dark brand of not-so-far-off fantasy.
Self-assured even when it's self-aware, this is a fizzy concoction with three fingers of Billy Wilder and one of Frank Capra. It's shaken with the Coens and topped off with a splash of Ron Shelton and a cinematographical cream-soda sheen.
Carl Reiner's Oh, God! is a treasure of a movie: A sly, civilized, quietly funny speculation on what might happen if God endeavored to present himself in the flesh yet once again to forgetful Man.
Even when the story is treading well-worn territory, Rogen and Theron are so authentic and lively together that you don't care you know exactly where it's going, you're just happy to be along for the ride.
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether, in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin.
A fitfully amusing romp that, if nothing else, will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star, Frankie Muniz.
Perhaps the only thing that salvages the film for me is actress Alison Pill.
A huge misstep for co-writer and director Lauren Miller Rogen, who probably made this lazy vanity project so the cast and crew could get a free Caribbean vacation.
There are many ways you could go in attacking something like Dirty Grandpa.
Pixar's soaringly lovely fourth feature ...
There is no groundbreaking comedy, yet the film is consistently funny.
It's a pleasant surprise to find a movie that genuinely pitches itself at a child's level while also giving parents some real laughs.
Predictable comedy has profanity, iffy humor, and violence.
[Many] scenes carry a sort of contrived "wackiness" not seen since Bewitched went into reruns.
A second viewing with a joint in hand awaits to determine if it's the worst movie ever made or a fierce act of movie-film revolution.
As with last year's joyful Rio, Ice Age still looks more like a classic cartoon than its competitors. And that, at least, is impressive.
better than it's given credit for
Good parodies are hard to make, and while this one doesn't completely succeed, it is funny and silly enough to be enjoyable.
The film gets long in the tooth and it's ambition to be both dirty and touching spreads a solid story a little thin...but "Trainwreck" has so much in it to like, not the least of which is the future potential of more Amy Schumer/Judd Apatow collaborations.
That Awkward Moment's ace ensemble of twenty-something actors has charm and strong chemistry to spare, enlivening Tom Gormican's inconsistent directorial debut.
An entertaining, funny, angry, thought-provoking journey.
Don't bother.
Bound to spark laughs, but the film as a whole is annoyingly underdeveloped.
While it is unmistakeably from the same witty and culturally aware mind as Juno, it falls short of the high bar that Cody set for herself with that excellent debut.
Everyone should have a friend like Flula (Flula Borg), a ridiculously optimistic German musician hiking with his American friend David (David Giuntoli) through the wilds of Oregon in the frequently funny "Buddymoon."
This Harvest yields nothing but chaff.
Ultimately Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a case of fancy wrapping on an empty box.
It's the movie equivalent of lukewarm coffee and day-old cake.
This '90s-type family comedy falls into the same traps as most second-tier sitcoms, with eccentric characters and snappy zingers spouted as if cue cards were hovering at the edge of the frame.
...an irresistible premise that's employed to mostly entertaining yet somewhat underwhelming effect...
... feels more like a good Cartoon Network series pilot than a great feature film... no one thought to do a parody of The Eagle's 'Hotel California' for this?
Stuck on You lacks energy, verve, and effective, laugh-generating comedy. It's the most disappointing thing to come from the brothers in years.
Sure, some of the socialist humor and Cuban culture may be lost on American viewers, but the film is still a ton of fun.
[...]they have about as much chemistry as John Hinckley and Jodie Foster
The main reason it all works is that the cast is as charming as all get out. They all work well with each other to the point that, at the risk of overselling, the film feels like a mix of Love, Simon and Lady Bird.
Chris Rock hosts this exploration into hair issues in the African-American community, talking to celebrities, experts and hairdressers. What's surprising is that this is such a big issue, although the film isn't much more than entertaining fluff.
Nobody knows the workplace quite like Mike Judge.
Chris Tucker is the man.
It is not as funny as it could be, and none of it makes sense, especially Pistachio's ability to mimic any dialect but standard US English. But his versatility is astonishing.
Gooding is so pleasant and likable, it's hard to get mad at him for wasting our time.
The match itself is great fun, and a fine voice cast includes Timothy Spall, Tom Hiddleston and Maisie Williams. But Early Man sags a little in the middle, and isn't quite as funny as it needs to be.
The sparkling and in some cases, sizzling chemistry between the cast is definitely the main strength of this film. There is undeniable tension between Bullock and Blanchett especially.
While this film about copies may feel a little familiar, it's also original - in all the best ways.
The movie will simply make a few million bucks and vanish, relegated to the darker closets of Blockbuster and Netflix, and historians will politely forget about it out of respect for the careers of those involved.
After the frantic spurt of fairy-tale allusions and jokes in the first three Shreks, this one inches along with a few mostly pointless action scenes and the occasional mild pun.
All I wanted was a magical remote control of my own so I could skip past seeing this unfunny and monotonous piece of crap.
Not even Greenaway's obvious fascination for his protagonist can save this awful movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Glee: 3D is not good enough, it's not smart enough, and doggone it, well, you get the gist.
Plympton's fourth feature film is also his least inspired, but it's still very much worth a look.
It's a movie that shows the confidence of a blockbuster that knows what it has to do to earn the adoration of its audience. [Full review in Portuguese]
"Friends With Benefits" isn't nearly as original as it pretends to be. But it's cute and funny and sweet, which -- as any woman can attest -- puts it way ahead of most Friday night options.
Both stylistic subversive and defiantly upbeat-it's one of the few prominent gay films of its era with a happy ending-it's a masterpiece of LGBT cinema. I suppose the 90s just weren't ready for it.
We're happy to go along for the ride with the film's odd couple, who make for interesting character studies -- and, besides, the scenery is stunning. Just don't expect that much will have been accomplished or changed by the time the curtain closes.
It's a basic story, but at the same time, this is an all-Black story.
There seems to be a fairly rabid cult following for the quirky claymation characters of Wallace and Gromit, but count me out. This is a chaotic mess of a film.
Superhero "bromance" is funny but overly childish.
Non-nutritional, brainless, lowdown, rude fun.
I give it this, I never thought there would be a day in film history where I'd say, "Melissa McCarthy has better chemistry with a puppet than she did with Sandra Bullock."
There are some laughs, it doesn't overstay its welcome and neither side in the present fight for the presidency is likely to be offended.
What a maddening waste of Katherine Heigl this insipid romantic comedy is.
Brilliant dark comedy
Clearly surge pricing also applies to jokes, because it's mostly about as funny as a traffic jam.
Para cinfilos que quieran y tengan el humor para entrar a ver una pelcula que es sumamente estpida, pero tambin muy, muy divertida
When they started singing 'Should I Stay Or Should I Go' - we should have left.
We needn't look further than 'Shark Tale' to realize the studio that revolutionized the art of CGI animation doesn't own the patent on wit and imagination.
When you remember that this has all been made by hand using little more than plasticine and manual labour, you will be left spellbound, reeling from what the team behind this movie are capable of.
One of the year's most creative and inventive movies.
This juvenile horror-comedy spoof is primarily, if unintentionally, a cautionary tale about the perils of allowing brahs to make movies.
Fighting With My Family has classic British humour and a familiar grittiness to it, reminding me why I adore British cinema so much.
Allen's forced approach to Judd Pillot and John Peaslee's Screenwriting 101-style script has merely left everyone floating on their own.
Parents will at least recognise their old favourites in Top Cat Begins - with it replicating the kind of silly, simple knockabout routines that should be right up the alley of the cat's original fans.
The Farrellys deliver something you would never expect from them: blandness.
The Keeper of Lost Causes had the format, the aesthetic, the supporting characters and the grizzly torture; unfortunately all orbiting a Thunderbird marionette.
...combining Coming to America-like fish-out-of-water comedy with the tasteless anarchy of Team America: World Police...
Despite Banks' swashbuckling performance, Walk of Shame is about as mediocre as they come.
It's hard not to take delight in Michel Gondry and his whooshing, bendable universe.
It's not one for the ages, but this comedy about the 'perpetual bridesmaid' suggests a romantic marriage between star and audience that could last and last.
Every single joke in this movie is telegraphed so far in advance that you can figure out the punchlines long before they actually arrive.
The piratical-treasure story is totally hokum, but it's all peppy, whiz-bang stuff livened up no end by Talulah Riley's fetching turn as Head Girl.
It's also likely that Roth just hasn't been able to dial down his usual routine far enough for a family audience. Given the charm of the film's first act, that really seems too bad.
It's not that Monsters University lacks any of the heart or wit of Pixar's finest achievements - the attention to detail and sight gags are as impressive as ever - but narratively speaking this is derivative in the extreme.
Despite being a cursory tale, St. Vincent succeeds because of Bill Murray, whose wit and humanity propel an entertaining film above its predictable and convenient template.
A magical, old-fashioned musical.
It is fun and it will never cease to be fun. Monstrous marauding aliens can find a time capsule of this millennia after our sun collapses on itself and if they don't laugh, they should seek counseling.
the most charming of Farley's screen efforts, but it's too bad he wasn't around long enough to make anyting better
The Great Dane's big-screen return has murderous robot bowling pins, escapades in abandoned amusement parks and exciting airborne chase sequences - but nowhere near the joke-rate an enduring character like Scoob demands.
The only thing the cast seemed to care about it trying to make you laugh. It worked for me, especially having a happy Vince Vaughn.
Breezy, undemanding, and ultimately forgettable.
Moore was a spirited off-screen presence in "Tangled," but her charms as an actress are strained here, and the film only adds more ballast to a rsum already groaning under dead weight such as "Because I Said So" and "License to Wed."
None of the character of, say, a Will Ferrell movie, or the cyncial wit of Harold and Kumar.
A riotous comedy that -- even with a different director -- manages to remember why the original was so funny.
Uneven Braff comedy OK, but lacks ex-citement.
An embarassment for all involved.
There are a few laughs, but I'm not sure that a comedy is supposed to make you recoil, which is what Smoochy does.
Those with even the smallest speck of cynicism in their hearts will be wondering why the cruel fates lured them into this quagmire of syrup.
Rock takes aim at the truth and humor of this potent cultural question with a sharp wit and lively curiousity, even if he doesn't pursue vigorously enough its uglier side.
Always affectionate toward its people, especially when they are at their most ridiculous, Anchorman meticulously builds America's dimmest news team. And we root for them.
Too gooey at the center to rate as a satire.
A great cast is wasted on an uninspired script that's frustratingly executed by director Venville.
The extended reception sequences are superbly done, and Vaughn and Wilson are at their best when they're being false and winning at the same time.
It may not be great, but it is a movie.
Proof that Pixar is the Babe Ruth of animation. Still batting a thousand.
If you're looking for sophisticated wit keep going, but Major League is pleasant, undemanding fun.
The dramatic arc of the plot mirrors a heart monitor that has flat-lined...
THE TRIP TO GREECE is a joyful celebration of friendship.
Unmistakably bears the conflicting influence of Pixar and Disney's old ideals.
One day, there will be the time to look back at MacLaine's career and this film will help recall her work fondly even in a movie that has so many writing problems.
Man Up is so far from selling anything, I began to wonder if it was some kind of audience test or scientific experiment: how many undesirable characters and situations can we get into a single film?
Thanks must go to the underpaid puppeteers who crouched, ducked and manoeuvred all over Happytime's set, only for their physical labour to be used in service of a Sesame Street-meets-Bright mess.
Crazy Rich Asians reminded me why I love the rom-com genre so much.
This is stand-up comedy here. Bring the funny and leave the rest on the bus.
Goofy '90s Hulk Hogan comedy has lots of slapstick violence.
No description of it can quite contain its misguided ludicrousness or the way its infinite and varied sins against the traits of good cinema combine to produce one of the most uproarious unintentional comedies ever made.
Too dumb for anyone over 8 and too vulgar for anyone under 12.
A dull, lacklustre, obnoxiously stupid sequel.
For Bynes, it's a chance to show a bit of range...However, if you're not a casting agent or a teenager, you might want to pick another movie instead.
Grumpy Cat's thriving merchandise line is the obvious motivation behind this otherwise forgettable movie.
Cyrus will appeal to the same audiences that have admired the Mumblecore directors and their work, even though it's more polished.
This rambunctious outing -- the third in the franchise -- is cute enough to engage kids and just smart enough to keep the chaperones entertained.
Less a movie and more a series of sorry sketches, Dance Flick is about as bad as it gets.
Few performances are hardy enough both to blossom in the dark intimacy of live theater and bloom under the glaring eye of a movie camera. Ghostlight is not the exception.
A tale so old that some of the clichés have since grown up and had clichés of their own.
Aniston comes across like an imitation of a movie star instead of the real thing. She gets less attractive as the film goes on.
The upbeat brothers are full of sweetness and love, but the script is made of taffy, and if you can chew and laugh at the same time, you're welcome to it.
The Golden Circle bonks, smirks and biffs itself towards a state of low pastiche that James Bond had already reached halfway through his first outing.
[Rushmore is] overblown with despicable and unfunny plot twists which create the illusion that audience members are seeing something worthwhile.
Best of all are Azaria, a brilliant comic character actor... and Adams as the feisty Earhart, thrilled to be off on a new adventure.
Typical MGM musical fare, highlighted by greats Jimmy Durante and Frank Sinatra.
Despite Queen Latifah and its boisterous cast's best efforts to style the perfect social comedy, Beauty Shop doesn't quite cut it.
With the gags cranked up on the humiliation-o-meter, and otherwise stripped of wit, the film offers little in the way of humor to anyone other than sadists.
A more apt moniker would be Romantic Comedy for Dummies.
You can all too easily imagine an unfortunately faithful remake starring Zach Braff and Zooey Deschanel.
Even when The Odd Family plays around with typical zombie tropes, it puts its deliciously funny spin on them ... I wasn't expecting to love it as much as I did.
The familiarity of the characters and their dynamics do make the movie feel comfy. You'll probably go into the prehistoric animated comedy thinking you know what it's going to be, and you'll be right.
A feeble family comedy that really tests your patience.
It was all very simple, but enough to remind me just what a generous and talented performer Will Ferrell truly is.
Even a third act demolition derby tribute to The Blues Brothers can't revitalize this stiff.
smacks some surprisingly sophisticated wit into its take on the usual mass-produced, lifeless piffle that populates Saturday morning cartoons. Spongebob is hip
A classic comedy!
For pure laughs, for the experience of just sitting in a chair and breaking up every minute or so, Superbad is 2007's most successful comedy.
Funny and charming. But what's missing is Hugh Grant as Daniel 'invest in lockable knickers' Cleaver.
There's scant character development, pedestrian dialogue, and an almost complete lack of humor.
More in line with cheesy nineties teen movies like SHE'S ALL THAT than John Hughes or more sensitive, recent fare.
Macro-Marvel ... wisely marketed at the small fry. It's closer to 'Antz' than the mutant radioactive variety (in 'Them!').
Funny, cute, clever, and emotional as it can be at its best, it also isn't quite as awesome.
An amazing cast sings and dances across the screen with such flair and passion its completely infectious.
More of the non sequitur jokes and shouting on which [Ferrell] has built a lucrative and long-lasting career.
Isn't it a bad sign when the most entertaining aspect of these spoof films has become the celebrity spotting rather than the actual film itself?
A mediocre movie with a good one trapped inside.
It's all silly as a Saturday cartoon show -- and twice as much fun.
Whatever fond memories audiences have of the Atwaters' work, Hollywood wants to poop all over them.
less funny than most of the movies it spoofs
The film maintains a sufficiently pleasant comic vibe as the couples bicker and pick away at each other, but director Peter Billingsley never really brings matters to a satisfying boil.
If ribbing the U.S. armed forces was considered unpatriotic after 9/11, then Delta Farce proves that discussion of the Iraq War has now officially jumped the shark.
Likeable despite its silliness, Evolution delivers a solid entertainment package.
Shrek qualifies as a classic animated movie, and one of the more charming films to grace screens in a long time.
A thin, insipid and oddly flavourless brew. Drink it responsibly. Better yet, don't drink it at all.
Davis deserves credit for putting a unique spin on a well-trod formula. But aside from a handful of high points, Christmas Eve only proves that like Christmas itself, a lot of something doesn't always add up to a good something.
Overall I'd stay away unless you really dig a cross-dressing college comedy.
... the serenely strange world conjured by Brigsby Bear is as one-of-a-kind as it gets in 2017.
Honestly, this movie is rank.
The Best and the Brightest is amusing at times but never more than a modest diversion, lacking the cleverness and imagination required to turn it into more than a one-joke movie.
Mamet's most easy going and fun-loving film to date.
A combination of clever writing, top-notch comedic leads, winning performances from the youngest Bakers, and a genuine affection for old-fashioned (read: big and loud) families elevates Cheaper above the dreaded kid-movie dreck.
There is nothing worse than to sit through what purports to be a comedy and never have a reason to engage your laugh reflex.
Though accurate to a certain kind of sandwich-generation experience, Duplex is not terribly funny.
A panic.
Oh, please. Stop and smell the manure.
Feeling nostalgic about those 'Oh, God' movies that George Burns made 30-odd years ago? Then 'Evan Almighty' might seem like manna from heaven.
The director, Raja Gosnell, is the auteur responsible for the Scooby-Doo movies, Big Momma's House and Home Alone 3. Enough said.
This is truly a movie that children and their parents can both enjoy for different reasons.
So much of comedy is in the timing, though, and The Ex doesn't quite know when to quit. Or at least move on.
If the basic test all studio comedies must pass is, "did anyone bother here?", all evidence points to a brisk, deflating hell-to-the-no.
Packed to the rafters with star talent and greeting card sentiments, this is best appreciated by women who cry at TV commercials.
Heavy on the celebrity cameos but fresh out of clever ideas.
I had a blast!!!
Anyone who doesn't love the Dukes and their repetitive adventures won't find much of interest, and anyone who does is better off watching old episodes on CMT.
Melissa McCarthy is back with "Tammy," one of her strongest roles yet -- a result of her direct creative control on this project -- but apart from her performance, this road-trip comedy unfortunately coasts by on autopilot.
Kelly Osbourne's peculiar turn as her sassy roommate doesn't up the fizz.
It doesn't have the richness or depth that Pixar frequently lays claim to, but it's still a pleasing endeavor.
The movie's takeoffs on old war-movie and RAF-flyboy cliches will certainly not connect with the knowledge base of America's current youngsters, which will only cause Valiant to seem that much more foreign.
Too inoffensive to engender the hostility once reserved for Howard the Duck.
If you're already a fan, consider the Special Edition DVD a must-own; if you've never seen Orgazmo before, be sure to make it a rental first. And hide the kiddies.
Crowd-pleasing but shoddy... During a funeral scene, the corpse can clearly be seen breathing...
At times, it works brilliantly, bringing the fanatic (and mostly male) world of baseball geekdom into collision with the planet where women strive for career success and true love, usually with painful disappointment in one department or the other.
Not quite a debacle, not at all a success, it ends up a thoroughly inconsequential adaptation that's unlikely to shepherd a new wave of mash-ups to the big screen.
The kidnapping plot is inane, the slapstick inept and the cast ineffectual. All in all, mind-bogglingly bad.
This appears too obviously the work of middle-aged men - director Columbus included - trying to regain past glories.
Rampant racism, misogyny, and homophobia serve as placeholders where actual jokes might have been, with Jennifer Aniston suffering the worst of it.
"U.N.C.L.E." must have seemed tailor-made for Ritchie's peculiar talents. (I think I'm going to be using the word "peculiar" a lot when describing this film.)
There are few movies that can be described as never having a dull moment, and Home Alone fits in this small group. It's the perfect family holiday film.
So what if this is Toy Story with pets, but - the depth or narrative logic? There are lots of one-liners and clever visual puns to keep you laughing.
Even if his jokes don't all land, his train of thought is all you need for an entertaining performance that is funny, angry and sometimes just weird.
By the end, it's provided a few laughs, but it's also become too much pop-packaged-product.
Think of it, in terms of quality, as The Good, The Bad and The Ugly of the Despicable Me films.
I'm betting most fans have never really watched the film, they being distracted by the parade of guys in fishnets and flying toast.
Scoop is worthwhile viewing for Allen's quips. Just don't expect much of a story.
The three preceding Scary Movie films were all bad, yet, nevertheless, better than this.
The most typical film yet made in the now 12-picture Marvel Cinematic Universe. It is up to the individual viewer to decide if that's a compliment or a vicious & lacerating criticism.
What a wasted opportunity for director Falcone, whose film fails to give the talented women in the cast something real to comedically attack. Slapdashery laughs are weightless if there is nothing of substance surrounding them.
A film of such wit and comic invention that it belongs among the great American comedies.
Amusing enough at times but doing little to justify the continuation of its story.
Instead of being a merciless evisceration of the lifestyles of the rich, it's a little morality play in which Long transforms herself into a warm and useful person. Nobody within a mile of this project seems to have possessed an ounce of irony.
A good story sung by great voices.
One of the great things that Crazy Rich Asians does is [show] you...the idea that Chinese people who continued to live in China or Singapore...have a very different view of Chinese people how grew up in America.
On paper, this movie looks pretty good. These are all dudes who know how to make with the funny. And yet it never quite clicks.
Race To Witch Mountain promises sci-fi but ultimately delivers lo-fi. Its themes are predictable and its look generic: this is one Race you may want to sit out.
I hoped for far more laughs, a sharper edge to the humor and a comedy that would attain the rank of other SNL alum works such as Caddyshack.
A little gem, a sparkling comedy with serious undertones about friendship, self-discovery and artistic integrity.
No matter how much you paid or were paid to watch this capophagic mess, son, you been robbed.
We have seen the future of romantic comedy and its name is Amy Schumer. Thank the goddess.
...tries desperately to capture the spirit of a high-energy farce.
La.rgely successful with some gaping flaws, and deeply experimental in a way that verges on upsetting
What I couldn't predict was how much I would enjoy the simple pleasures of a warm, witty, well-written story -- especially when it is told with the state-of-the-art computer animation that is easy to take for granted in these techno-savvy days.
It's never quite slap-your-knees hilarious, but Megamind will still have you smiling from dimple to dimple for every one of its 95 minutes.
The story is so good-naturedly silly that while not exactly challenging, it should keep even the grown-ups at least smiling.
As often as Black's paunchy antics connect, Hess' patchy comedy may have you saying, 'No mas.'
It's actually Thornton's amusing performance that makes the first half of this silly film watchable. After that, Ben Stiller comes along to do a painfully unfunny supporting bit and pretty much sucks all the remaining funny out of the movie.
A generally joyless affair thanks to a script by committee and a director with no grasp of Chan's work and no feel for this sort of comedy.
There's a pretty decent comedy somewhere in "A Good Old Fashioned Orgy,'' if only it wasn't so attracted to everyone else in the room.
A hoot and a holler.
The movie would be nothing without Murray's superb performance... Keep an eye on how his character develops in depth and self-awareness as he desperately looks for a way out of the rut.
There's still time, but for now, Fogler gets my vote for the worst performance of the year.
Kelly might be biting of more than he can chew, and he certainly doesn't know how to conceptualize the full smorgasbord of imaginings floating deep inside his brain, but he does make a gorgeously invigorating mess that is for sure.
No one would accuse Long Shot of being a flawless film, but it's an absolute blast to watch while boasting an enormous amount of heart.
As a committed Allenphile who once dressed like Annie Hall and longed to be Hannah's sister, I've loved all of Woody's work and his latest is no exception.
If only Walken had met up with the kangaroo...
Barbershop 2 is both entertaining and edifying with its funky portrait of the challenges facing many urban neighborhoods across the country.
A tenderhearted tale about two terribly wounded souls who survive by grudgingly leaning on each other's shoulder.
I wanted to like this, but I felt like one of the suckers Homer talks about for paying for something at the theatre that I can watch at home for free.
There's much fun in one more romp in the company of the monster with a heart of green-gold.
When the outakes are the best part of a film, you know something's seriously backward. Here's Rush Hour 3 succinctly described in one word: Meh.
As long as your expectations are focused in the right direction, it's a sure bet that you'll have a good time watching this infectiously entertaining comedy.
The only mystery left to solve is how a comedy boasting an all-star cast can be so dull and lifeless. [Full Review in Spanish]
Wilson is fitfully funny, but the episodic format prevents it from matching the droll delights of Ghost World.
[Ant-Man] gets by on his propensity for knockabout humour, his child-like enthusiasms and the company he keeps. He's likeable, his films are kid-friendly, and that's about it.
A bonkers take on the serial killer genre that grips in spite of its flaws.
It has some very funny moments but it tries to do too many things - it's a bit like watching back-to-back episodes of a sitcom.
Not only tolerable, but actually - *gasp* - enjoyable. [...] The 3D is better employed here than it was in Tron: Legacy.
For one moment, just one moment -- it works.
As indignity and amateurishness battle for depressing precedence, Dance Flick becomes the comedy equivalent of torture porn, albeit with worse SFX and notably fewer laughs.
Not great, but not grating.
Lower your expectations. Now keep lowering them. Think where the Naked Gun movies dredged. Now think lower. You're now ready to appreciate the free-wheeling idiocy that Forte and company bring to a project that embodies the question, "Why?"
It's difficult to find the rhythm of the film at times. [Full Review in Spanish]
A mish-mash of action-adventure clichés, book-ended with lame attempts at psychological interest.
This mouth-watering, savory film is the most satisfying effort by Favreau since he made the leap to blockbusters.
I'm a little ashamed to say, I laughed my butt off all the way through it.
Cheers all around for such an inspired tale about inspiration.
Slyly funny satire on the the Hollywood race game.
The definitive splatterpunk movie. Takes perverse delight in being disgusting. Dan O'Bannon's screenplay hits your funny bone with a meathook and doesn't let go.
Cars might get us into car world as a gimmick, but it doesn't get us into car world as a state of mind. Thus, the animation, rather than seeming like an expression of the movie's deeper truth, becomes an impediment to it.
Spree is meant to comment on the shallowness of social media culture; the trouble is, it's a film with the depth of a puddle.
More Blue Steel than Magnum, this is a perfectly serviceable sequel, but dogged by repetition, it lacks the original's speed and sizzle.
Ingrid Goes West makes a few valid points. Too bad the whole thing looks more like a tweet than a movie.
Watching "This Means War" is like have someone on Ecstasy describe a movie to you in the middle of a rave. It's a date movie if you're dating someone you don't like.
Gone are many of the story's complexities and its spiritual overtones, replaced by an odd mix of drama, music and comedy designed to entertain the kids and distract the adults from the mediocrity.
Kids who can handle the bumps should find much to love in this beautifully animated ramshackle parcel, one that's packed full of detail, humour and positive messages.
A goofy, pratfall-laden guilty pleasure.
The script, credited to -- or, better, blamed on -- Sandler and collaborator Fred Wolf, never builds. In fact, it mostly consists of the comics cracking each other up. And it's not a party we're ever invited to.
Sarah Hyland gives it her all but this story of the marriage circuit never quite connects with its audience.
As pure escapism, it is a good deal less expensive than air fare to Hawaii.
The Full Monty carries beneath its feelgood trajectory an exquisite air of gallows humour mixed with a dash of melancholy and a wee sprinkling of empathetic leftist politics.
Predictable romcom has some iffy stuff, but OK for teens.
The movie does delve into some cliches in its runtime, making it easy to write it off. But if you're game, this movie is an enjoyable summer comedy.
"Wonder Park" is a colossal blunder that sparks no joy, and the worst part is that Nickelodeon is apparently developing it into a TV series. Again, pity the poor children.
Bird has made a traditional action movie full of chases, crashes and stunt work.
If you want a poster-friendly snippet, Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa is a truly splendid British export, fit to burst with character, idea, charm and heart and not to be missed by anyone who's partial to the sheer joy of quality comedy.
A sugar-rush of a film.
Might be saved if the laughs equaled the number of scenes with critters pooping.
Unreal, politically dumb premise with Howell in blackface .
Unlike ​The ​Kentucky Fried Movie, the brilliant ​benchmark​ that came before it, ​Movie 43 ​beats already tired scatalogical humor to death before taking another piss on the remains. It's really that bad.
For a movie about what happens when people grow up American Reunion is surprisingly immature in its comedy.
The Lego Movie is the kind of fine-tuned family-friendly flick that serves two audiences simultaneously, with a non-stop firehose of eye candy for the kids and lots of sharp wit and subtle parody for the grownups.
A flirty and autobiographical road movie by the Coppola matriarch. [Full review in Spanish]
Embora animados digitalmente, os personagens deste novo longa trazem, em seus designs e personalidades, as caractersticas que fizeram dos filmes da Aardman um repositrio constante de histrias engraadas e envolventes.
The Boxtrolls is great fun that, unlike some of its aloof characters, is never overly pompous in its ambitions, always looking to entertain first and foremost.
Could not be more adorable.
[The Holiday] largely entertains, but has no business being two hours and 15 minutes long.
The only person in the cast who knows how to portray comedy in film is John Krasinski...only when he is on screen does the movie come alive, and that's not enough.
It shouldn't come as a surprise that Ferrell's insane performance almost saves the show.
This odious, mean-spirited movie appropriates the title and the characters from the previous pictures and sends them on a would-be adventure involving gangsters, gold bars and that pinnacle of hilarity, decapitated giraffes.
Strictly for 6 year olds, this uninspired, one-joke comedy is full of too many misfired gags and weak comic setups to cross over to anyone whose head reaches above the seat back.
Duff has found a formula that works, on TV or on screen, as a loving, loyal and slightly confused high schooler.
May be the most beautiful animated film ever...As storytelling, though, it's messy, a fairy tale that cannot decide on a tone or narrative approach.
A romantic comedy that connects with our times, but its artistic level does not transcend the generic rules and formulas. [Full Review in Spanish]
Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
The actors, while B-movie grade, are still professional, and commit fully to the premise at hand. There's no attempt to try to make Giant Killer Ants more than it is, but there's also no winking and nodding at the audience, either.
That's not to say that there aren't funny moments here because there are some really choice moments but they are lost in the mix of purile and often uncomfortable moments that really are below what you'd expect from the team behind this.
It's refreshing to see that some writers still like to turn an intriguing situation into one where laughs can flow naturally as opposed to attempting to force them out with extremely bad jokes.
...one of the highlights of Hollywood film comedy.
Though it's a romcom with a rather rarified setting, it's a great watch -- it's beautifully crafted and the dialogue is witty and funny.
I now pronounce this... not worth paying to see.
It took me two viewings to figure out how much I liked the movie. (Quite a lot, it turns out.) That might not sound like a full-bodied recommendation, but why not take a cue from the film's surprisingly lovable gym rats: Results don't happen overnight.
This Means War overcomes the eternal triangle genre's flaws with unique twists on the basic premise. Lots of them.
The Groomsmen is warm and it's funny, and it's Ed Burns' best movie in years.
There's nothing sweet about this Dr. Dolittle, and not a moment of joy.
For a movie that imagines itself as a smart seriocomedy, Second Act can be awfully dumb.
A quirky, bright, PG-rated adventure that's as entertaining as Free Willy. Better, maybe, since monkeys are a lot more charismatic than whales. This is a splendid family film.
Almost as sharp as the first film and only suffering slightly from the inevitable repetitions.
As a director, Chris Rock makes a fine stand-up comic.
The film besmirches the reasons that Groundhog Day's Möbius-strip construction worked.
Little kids will probably laugh. Parents will count down the minutes until it's over.
...has twice the laughs and six times the personality of feeble, prefabricated sitcoms like "American Pie"...
A wild feat of visual imagination.
So what happens when everyone making a skin flick gets Puritanical about showing skin? A plot, that's what, and 'Tomcats' offers a yarn that's truly yawn-provoking.
Parker and Stone are about to take over your funny bone.....A unique, amusing pic
One gets the distinct impression that we're looking into the future at Grown Ups 5, albeit with actors who have too much dignity to fart, sneeze and belch at the same time.
Going in Style is good-natured, spirited, and heart warming but may leave you wanting a bigger pay-off.
An energetic and pleasant adventure. [full review in Spanish]
Pleasantly pixilated, if mildly alarming.
More movies like this, please: a piquant mix of whimsy and snark; an insistence that it's not crazy to forge your own oddball path; an embrace of girly uncool. Bring on the weird, difficult women.
Gets by because it knows it's dorky. It's happily dorky. It's proudly dorky.
Why are the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" movies so much less fun, and funny, than the best of the books created by Jeff Kinney?
Feels like a throwaway effort by everyone involved.
There's a sinister, even insidious quality to a film that insists upon using incessant food montages not as a source of passion, but fodder for class-based self-congratulation.
THIS IS SPINAL TAP for millennials - a knowing and often hilarious satire of the already state of pop stardom.
If you love skateboarding, feel free to rent Grind, hit the mute button and fast forward through anything that doesn't involve a half-pipe.
She is supposed to be a self-pitying near alcoholic who can't take control of her own life. Hathaway, though, is such a strong screen presence that it's hard to believe in her as such a weak and needy type.
School for Scoundrels is a simply written, perfectly cast, sneaky-edgy, stab-yourself-in-the-leg-with-a-pen laugh riot.
Uneven, loopy cult favorite.
Nothing but net.
They probably shouldn't make a fourth Men in Black, but then again, they probably shouldn't have made this one either, and it turned out all right.
A mad mix of what Tex Avery, Rube Goldberg and the silent-film fantasist Georges Melies might have come up with if they'd put their feverish heads together.
What could go wrong? Rather a lot and the most enjoyable parts of. Soderbergh's smartly written film involve the negotiations and shared worries of the amateurish but thoroughly lovable gang.
We have to survive on a diet of low calorie slapstick and quick-fix buffoonery.
The thin comic appeal of Kevin James is laid on a bit thicker in Paul Blart: Mall Cop, his first solo star vehicle for the big screen.
The trademark hitch in Aniston's line delivery is an effective shorthand for taking a leap of faith. In the case of both her character and her career, Management represents an admirable choice.
Because of the lacklustre rom-com script and flaccid direction - not to mention the terror on kids' faces with the snarling wolves slaughtering stampeding caribou - wait to howl with the DVD.
A modest film that understands the essence of cinema: exploring the complexity of people's feelings. [Full review in Spanish]
It's irreverent without crossing the line, and hits a tender note without lapsing into maudlin sentiment.
Stereotyping, iffy humor in dated, unfunny comedy.
There's just enough that's glorious here to make this satirical send-up worthwhile.
A cute premise is starved of its potential charm y another colorless turn by Dakota Fanning.
Think of it as a polite, tightly muzzled Clerks.
Ronnie, in the vernacular of movie icons, is Travis Bickle meets Paul Blart: which made me miss Borat all the more.
Although a bit out of place for its time, the fifth Shaft film packs enough gunfights, wisecracks, and thrills to make it a decent entry in the series. Samuel L. Jackson fans will not be disappointed, and neither will fans of Richard Roundtree.
I liked the Gerard Butler half of The Ugly Truth; the Katherine Heigl half, not so much.
The real star of this movie isn't even in the credits. Or in the title, for that matter.
Think of it as The 40-Year-Old Nonvirgin in taffeta. Or the Kristen Wiig movie that her fans have been waiting for.
Half an hour into the movie, the title seems like a taunt. Is there anything else, Woody? Please?
After a brief lesson in American history, British kids will probably have a fine time. And there's just enough double-edged comedy to keep grown-ups from squawking too.
Brian is likely to appeal to mass moviegoers, because he is a clueless dork like the rest of us.
The Farrellys rein in their usual excesses, but still manage to produce the laughs, albeit accompanied by a dose of terminal cuteness.
Hilarious and imaginatively crude with a surprising sweet and subtle aftertaste that prevents it from flopping, limp and brainless, into the sugary abyss of romantic predictability.
Gilliam has a history of blaming studios when his films go wrong. But he has no one to blame but himself for this poisoned apple.
Little Miss Sunshine is saved by an ace -- its cast.
So quirky that it's almost in danger of collapsing under the weight of its own antic whimsy at times, but a comic delight destined for cult adoration.
Supported by Lindsay Lohan's effervescent performance, Drama Queen has a fun flair for the dramatics but ultimately is a piece of fluff targeted to a limited audience.
Without Michael Bay's footprint, the film receives a welcome actualization. [Full Review in Spanish]
Meyers has a knack for making conventional movies that are not conventional. And in 2015, making the woman CEO of a company into a normal human being is unconventional.
"The Beach Bum" is a riches-to-rags-to-riches story as American as Horatio Alger, Thomas Pynchon, and Hunter S. Thompson.
Jeff Baena's blend of horror, offbeat comedy and heartsick romance works in fits and starts, but ultimately feels derivative.
A movie that doesn't really seem to have any reason to exist, other than maybe to give writer and director Roman Coppola and star Charlie Sheen something to do for a few weeks.
Not the sensation WWI was, but still fun for Carvey, Myers fans.
Thanks to Kevin James' earnest portrayal of an earnest guy, I was won over by the film's goofy charms.
Matthew McConaughey proves better than the material put before him in the intermittently intriguing Ghosts of Girlfriends Past
Entrenched in the lives of a quartet of characters who come across as fully formed human beings ... for a scant 80 minutes, we can only wonder what more they could offer.
The movie is a giant goof, and a good one, as long as you're in the mood to play along.
Mamma Mia!: Here We Go Again retains the spirit of the original whilst having a few substantial surprises, the original cast having loads of fun and the newcomers lending a new sense of energy to the proceedings, especially Lily James, who is a pure joy.
A Spielberg-esque adventure full of modest frights and lots of magic.
Guy Ritchie's adaptation of the 1960′s television show offers a skewed Daniel Craig/Roger Moore 007 fantasy team-up.
Planet 51 is cute, but it's no Shrek.
wherever you see young snotbags and anti-authoritarian pranking today on film and TV, you can bet somebody working on the script was cribbing from Repo Man
never slow or boring, but it's never very funny, either
This sicko fantasy lands far outside of the mainstream and is aimed at only a handful of open-minded viewers. In other words, you know who you are.
Pleasant enough.
Why do people like this movie? I don't get it,
The problem is that the movie offers just enough to tantalize both fan groups -- the Austenites and the horror fans -- but not enough to fully satisfy either.
Spy works so well simply because it believes in its star.
...feels like some rejected TV sitcom pilot with its inane one-joke premise about fussing females and their trivial tirades...a clueless and contrived concoction
Wow! Mesmerizingly bad with a nice late in the day turn from Lugosi
A secondary plotline about a kindly local policeman and some imaginative additions to the tearaway title character's (admittedly sketchy) back story keeps Sonic the Hedgehog moving at speed towards a pleasing destination.
The Hustle sells a big game but doesn't deliver, just like the title suggests.
Maybe I would have liked this better ten years ago, when mixed-race action/buddy movies were simply stale instead of downright moldy.
Taken all in all, The Wild Life is a harmless but instantly forgettable children's movie.
Dark night of the soul is more like it.
All the things I was looking for and hoping would be good were good
Wait to rent this mixed-bag family film -- it's much cheaper.
Will Ferrell and Nicole Kidman try to turn an old TV show into a magical Hollywood satire, but their trick's not much of a treat.
Buoyed by a Latin-flavored score and Favreau's knack for improv inspiration, Chef is the perfect antidote to Hollywood junk food. Like the best meals and movies, this irresistible concoction feels good for the soul.
The epiphanies go down like eggnog, along with the smooth R'n'B and jazz on the soundtrack.
For every sharp one-liner about a pampered college football team that's "so corrupt it could use its yearbook photos as mug shots," there's a brain-numbing plot development that's straight out of a desperate sitcom.
Another comic murder mystery from Woody Allen.
You'll find yourself shaking your head, then laughing your @$$ off at the next bad joke.
Multiple Maniacs is a subversive movie atrocity that cries out to be seen to be believed. Enjoy.
Another Dr. Seuss classic gets the big-screen treatment ... and it's not that much of a treat.
The upper lips aren't the only things that are stiff in this broad British comedy--so are most of the jokes.
The film will make you long for the nuance of Bachelor Party
We've seen this before. A lot.
Trainwreck is in the sweet romcom spot - totally accessible, easy, not too deep, clever, naughty and funny with just enough, but not too much drama to be legit.
None of the three principals...really turns up, with Bullock opting for a laid-back, super-cool performance that may not be actively bad but is certainly wrong.
Roach ... knows to play to the movie's twin strengths: Stiller and De Niro.
This movie is enjoyable, and it's definitely something I recommend watching if you want some lighter fare.
Anyone who grew up watching television or revels in every episode of E! True Hollywood Story (and you know who you are) should enjoy this movie.
The fresh look serves the story and is never allowed to overwhelm it, leaving a beautifully judged yarn to unwind and enchant a new intake of young cinemagoers.
The word 'quirky' is overused, but Little Miss Sunshine deserves the tag. As with Napoleon Dynamite, the quirkiness in this film comes from honest characters, not desperate-to-be-different caricatures in such films as Garden State.
Black's comedic timing and acting makes him a perfect fit for portraying the outlandishly peculiar uncle. Blanchett's poise and grace, paired with her adept and nuanced acting, bring what could have been a dull character to technicolor life.
Taking itself seriously without being too serious, the film proves fun all the same, confirming that it is possible to side with a superhero who is the size of a fingertip without once feeling the need to laugh at him.
Even though I occasionally admired the film's hallucinogenic grandeur and bold scope, the majority of Bad Boys II feels like a bad trip.
Surrogates bleakly satirizes our increasingly plugged-in world.
The formula was laid down by its two predecessors and 'Bad Boys For Life' sticks the landing by following that recipe to a tee.
The pedestrian, predictable plot isn't really important; the film seems to exist merely as an excuse to string together gross-out sequences.
Ask A Five-Year Old: Q: What was your favorite part? A: When SpongeBob pulled down Patrick's pants.
The jibes are gentle, the tenor is fond, yet firm. But most importantly, the characters are completely real: feisty and flawed, even as the end is exhilarating.
A jaunty, very funny comedy juiced up by a light touch and crack timing from two perfectly matched lead actors.
Yeah...we totally didn't need this movie.
The insecurities that seem to feed Rivers's often angry humor -- and that have left her face looking like a mask frozen in horror -- are left unexamined.
We get a gender swap with Henson in the Gibson role. Unfortunately the filmmakers couldn't swap my feelings for the film into enjoying this new version
About as hit-and-miss a comedy as one could envision...
Think of "How to Be Single" as a cinematic Whitman's Sampler: There are enough pieces that work to offset the pieces that don't.
Not only is Toy Story 4 is the sequel I never knew I needed, it's quite possibly, the best Toy Story to ever be told.
As usual, Zucker and company splash so many jokes on the screen, it doesn't even matter that less than half stick. When this movie hits, it hits big.
[T]his is a film that revels in the act and art of storytelling.
fast-paced, sloppy, and pretty dumb, but it's over quickly
Going into Cop Out you should expect the expected, a spoof of a comedy that is not an Oscar winner, but rather the first stupidly entertaining film of 2010.
There is not a frame of Cheaper that doesn't feel contrived. It fails the most fundamental test of movie logic.
The first one wasn't all that great. The second one I barely remember seeing.
Sadly, the results end up just as lame and lazy as they were in the original, though with a bitter aftertaste (lessness) that was never there before.
There's an interesting factor at play here: many of the film's laughs come from the way Napoleon so stubbornly refuses to adhere to the conventions of adolescence.
Whether it's memory lane or an introduction to Williams' oeuvre for new listeners, mainly it's just freaking funny.
A clever satire that's layered like a breakfast club sandwich with sly in-jokes, sight gags, gross-out scenes, and, of course, requisite bathroom humor.
Disneyfied Easy Rider for the suburban set.
The Invention of Lying feels a little too much like a wasted opportunity.
Unlike the first film, this is self-involved, silly and whiny...and so are the characters.
Desperately pleading for our laughs, Shrek 2 offers a small dose of the original's fun spirit with none of its heart.
Bring a hanky.
The film is a classic take on a fairy tale.
What could have been a clichéd oil-and-water buddy movie in a lesser writer's hands feels organic and genuine.
Two idiots embark on a life of crime to help a deserving teenager attend Harvard in this lowbrow...comedy.
There's a lot more going on here than in Scream... So why isn't it a slam dunk? Because of the writing, which is just lousy in any number of ways.
Charlie's Angels never slows down, and even when it's not delivering the thrills or a fun fight scene, it's being just plain funny.
As in the most useless sitcoms, the laffs depend entirely on someone behaving as ridiculously as possible, in uninteresting ways devised by the dullest minds.
A romantic comedy with an edge born out of desperation.
The most original assault on the suburbs since PleasantvilleAmericanBeautyIceStormTheBurbsTheStepfordWives...
I want you to see this movie On Demand to witness the most underrated actor in all of the world, Sam Rockwell. That way, he won't have to make another movie like this ever again.
The slapsticky tone of Akin's latest work is more anarchic than heavenly, but the picture has its screwball charms.
As Chevy Chase's best starring vehicle, it inverts the novels' occasional darkness into a quick-witted quip machine. But that energy feels appropriately extemporaneous here in making defenses fall or hackles rise. Either way, Fletch gets the story.
A sluggish repeat of its predecessors that remains mistakenly convinced that miscommunication between Tucker and co-star Jackie Chan is the funniest thing ever.
Although it's a relatively low-budget indie flick, I'd rate "No Clue" among my top three film noir/P.I. spoofs-right up there with "The Cheap Detective" (1978) and "Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid" (1982).
The chaotic cutting and framing of almost every scene suggests an enormous amount of Downey Jr's dialogue was re-recorded after the shoot: tellingly, the actor is rarely facing the camera while speaking, and often isn't even on screen.
May be the worst thing Disney has ever attached its Touchstone signature to.
A film for kids, students, stoners, anyone who enjoys a break from reality.
It's a film that believes everyone can be creative; that everyone is special; and that imagination is so powerful it can flourish even within a system bound by rules. Not bad for a film about a toy.
"Before Sunrise" for the Stereogum set. It's easy to get swept up in this romance thanks to vibrant nocturnal cinematography, realistic dialogue Diablo Cody can't hang with and solid acting. If she's smart, Kat Dennings may be the next Diane Keaton.
Snatched could have benefitted from a stronger, purposeful storyline with characters who aren't mere wan amalgamations of the personas we've come to expect from its players.
It's difficult not to go into a movie like this with a sense of dread, as the beloved children's book becomes a live-action movie with a digitally animated, eerily realistic-looking bear.
Eddie Murphy, Mike Myers, and Antonio Banderas are three of the all-time best matches of actors to animated characters. So it's a shame the writers weren't inspired to give them funnier stuff to do.
Apart from reminding us of his well-documented affection for Ernst Lubitsch and the Hollywood comedies of the 1940s, [Bogdanovich] doesn't have anything to tell us - even after all this time away from the big screen.
A contemporary, yet sophisticated, concoction that throws almost every cliché...yet casts a spell over us with its charm and inventiveness.
Desperately unfunny.
Without Nicholson and Keaton, the movie would be fair. With them, it's one of the few good romantic comedies this year.
A latter-day appropriation of the 1950s giant-insect archetype that's not funny enough to qualify as parody yet too crass to be considered homage.
Documentary dramatizations usually are awful, but in Ghosts of the Abyss, they work.
Gibson has always been to comedy what Santa Claus is to Easter, but every time he appears on screen he kills any notion of seasonal fun stone dead.
This is the spectacularly inept directing debut of writer-producer Gary Priesler, who is said to have 12 other movies in development. God help us.
The movie is not just enormously entertaining, it is deeply moving, both in the way it celebrates storytelling and storytellers -- and in the unembarrassed way its creators and performers remind us how much we need them.
The Shaggy Dog is classic Disney. It's a bit lost on the kids of today - especially the younger ones.
It's as soft and squishy as anything by Nora Ephron or pre-caustic Woody Allen.
Essentially a two-hour Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck cartoon, only without the same rigorous character development, Knights plays to the strengths of its likable leads.
The final implication that this is how you grow up and find yourself makes one fear for the future of US youth. And, indeed, America itself.
Dumb, noisy and relentlessly violent ... did you expect anything different?
An animated movie that touches on royal politics and the sins of the past may puzzle little ones hoping for a reprise of 'Do You Want To Build A Snowman'
Kevin Costner [is] always at his best when playing amiable rogues.
The standard jokes in "We're the Millers" build in a way that is evidence of more care than most comedies of this ilk.
Planes is nothing more than Disney cashing in on a successful franchise while the market is hot.
Energy, chemistry, timing, and a palpable sense of raunchy fun.
Aimed squarely at the open-mouth-breathers who turned Dumb and Dumber and Big Daddy into hits.
A mouth-wateringly magnificent comedy that's as good as any toon made in the last five years.
Melissa McCarthy wears vulnerability on her sleeve, then she rolls it up and gets to work. She's got a Jane Lunchbucket approach to comedy that ensures she makes the most of every scene, even the routine bits with bare studs and drywall.
Sullivan clearly has his own ideas, but wisely uses the established characters to flesh them out instead of making them act out of character for his purposes.
The actors seem to have been involved in a hideous industrial accident that's left them with the superpower of repelling all comic timing.
The Intern presents a heartfelt multi-generational story without harping too hard on its traditional, yet fun heartfelt tropes.
I wish this film would have been 90 minutes of Scrat chasing that stupid acorn.
Visually, there are echoes of Jeunet and Caro's early collaborations, but the screenplay by Van Dormael and Thomas Gunzig is uniquely, irreverently unhinged.
In Williams's hands, Jessica James becomes a diamond-sharp protagonist, and the only defining feature of an otherwise formless movie.
It's spectacularly unoriginal.
Raunchy one-night-stand comedy relies on stereotypes.
McCarthy, Wiig, McKinnon and Jones prove to be a relentlessly inventive comic ensemble. And Hemsworth is a revelation as a guy who's blissfully unaware of his sheer incompetence.
Won't burst through the comedic stratosphere, but Stone Bros. is still a trip worth taking.
Intermittently amusing.
Chappelle laughingly admits, 'I'm mediocre at both [comedy and music] and yet have managed to talk my way into a fortune.' I agree. This movie proves his point perfectly.
Winningly relevant, irreverent, anarchic, and delightful.
Still, while Juliet, Naked may not be the most dramatic film ever made, its aversion to confrontation is exactly what makes it the perfect watch for a lazy summer afternoon.
Seth Rogen and Charlize Theron deliver in this smart, funny romantic comedy that adults will definitely enjoy. [Full review in Spanish]
More grounded than most high concept comedy.
Spy offers plenty of laughs along the way, thanks to McCarthy, but it's disappointingly slapdash and déjà vu.
The story never asserts itself in any dramatic or comedic or even home-movie fashion.
The Spy Who Dumped Me is a frustrating film of unmet potential.
Some kids are born bad. Others achieve badness. And some have badness thrust upon them. The same can be said of movies.
When MST3K is on the mark, it's a howl. Only a couple of jokes (like a dated John Sununu reference and one or two flatulence bits) really fall flat.
The leading characters may have high IQs, but most of the humor rests a few degrees south of lowbrow.
Merece elogios por seu humor auto-referencial e, principalmente, por resgatar a insanidade das animaes originais (ao contrrio do fraco Space Jam).
The laughs come easily enough. But the violence and grim finale drag this coke-deal-gone-wrong comedy into a hole it can't giggle its way out of.
Like a stream-of-consciousness riff on girl movie notions -- - the consciousness part.
Romance and Cigarettes may not always work as well as it probably should, but regardless there's no arguing with the originality of Turturro's piece.
In the end, it's the visuals of this film that you want to see, and Cameron doesn't disappoint.
To produce something as emphatically unfunny as this, the script's five-man team must have whipped themselves into a state of mutual delusion.
Carries its predecessor's torch into darker, quixotic territories, bursting at the seams with folkloric witticism and hellzapoppin' imagery.
That sound you hear in the background is the ''ugh!'' heard round the world. Luckily, ''Arachnophobia'' will also be generating its share of boisterous, nervous laughter.
Cruise and particularly Downey are something to behold: They give this Thunder its lightning.
The first film had an innocence that made the story feel more real and topical. "Shrek 2" feels very fantastic and improbable.
Enough is enough. Somebody should just stop remaking The Producers.
(Johnny) Depp, unparalleled when it comes to stepping out on a thin limb of eccentricity, commits fully to one of the screen's most memorable characters.
Joyless and forced.
Mirren's performance has enough sparkle (and nudity) for Calendar Girls to be a fun, if light, moviegoing experience.
The story is so sentimentalized, so sanitized into a family comedy, that I do doubt the reality was anything like this.
A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse, a rat, and fairy tales in general.
Its sin is that it doesn't live up to expectations and is unsure as to how to bridge the gap between the T.V. show's Cold War sensibility and today's terrorist paranoia
another tepid attempt by Edwards to recapture his comic edge
For all its missteps, Beast remains funny and clever throughout.
Skipping Christmas will earn you a reputation as a modern-day Scrooge. Passing on Christmas With the Kranks ... makes you a wise holiday-movie consumer.
The Big Sick is that rare film that reminds us, through both wry humor and understated poignancy, that life's most meaningful moments often occur when we veer off script.
This ultimately disappointing comedy starts reasonably strong, delivers a few good laughs, then rolls over and plays dead.
In making a movie about a baseball team hazing its new members, Linklater created a movie that feels like a hazing.
The film does work, but not quite as well as the Hepburn-Tracy classic that it seeks to replace. Mildly amusing.
The most well-balanced installment of the franchise. [Full Review in Spanish]
A great example of the Emotionally Stunted Men Grow A Heart sub-genre. Role Models staves off the January blues and puts a marker down as 2009's laugh-out-loud comedy to beat.
It's a cheerfully goofy movie that doesn't have a mean-spirited bone in its body.
There is so much bizarre imagery in Jack and Jill, Adam Sandler playing his own twin sister being the least of it... Are we sure Dennis Dugan isn't just the nom-de-plume used by David Cronenberg when he's feeling particularly playful?
That generous half star rating I tacked onto to this comedy abomination is all for Paris Hilton. Come on, it takes guts (or gross dim-wittedness) to appear on screen again after House of Wax.
It's not the best comedy of the season, but it's far from the worst, and some days that's more than enough.
Dropping quietly into theaters like a sneak attack on brain cells and good taste, C.B. Harding's rickety vehicle for Blue Collar Comedy is among the first films to mine the endless War on Terror for laughs.
Incessantly odd and wildly twisted in its off-color humor, Eurotrip is an ultra-spry and trashy field trip through our defining delightful depravity
It is a delight to look at, with its vibrant colors, iconic images and exotic setting, and the film has a meandering feel that captures the sense of trekking across India.
Elizabeth Banks has achieved a tricky (if somewhat inconsistent) balance between reveling in the playful, escapist fun of the original 1970s TV detective series and asserting a wholly necessary and modern feminist vision.
This is a film that should either be a fun caper comedy or a thoughtful dramatic exploration on the dangers of engaging in fraud. By trying to be both, it ends up being neither.
They remain among cinema's most disconcerting odd couples.
The problem with Nancy Meyer's romantic comedy The Holiday is that it is contrived, too long, and insufferably cute.
Does the movie really believe anyone is as stupid as these characters? Does it care?
A lightweight confection, this French import slides down easily even though it never truly satisfies.
A rebuke to the current 3-D computer animated takeover of the field, and what a beautiful rebuke it is.
Abandoning traditional structure and technique, Waters has delivered a surprising and brutal force to the American Culture War with A Dirty Shame
Will appeal to everyone who enjoys the shenanigans of movies like Army of Darkness, Tommy Boy, or even the Scary Movie series.
Its plotting is predictable but Kazan and Radcliffe make a thoroughly engaging double act.
The perfect buddy-cop movie! Murphy and Nolte are awesome!
The Lego Batman Movie is fun (and funny), but not quite as awesome as its predecessor.
Family entertainment at its best.
At this point, the most we can hope for now is an animated film that doesn't concern breaking out of a zoo of some sort.
A textbook screwball comedy with lovably frantic chemistry between its Golden Age stars.
An essential and important part of the evolution of silent comedy, renowned for its technical achievements and careful approach to storytelling.
The Citizen Kane of killer piranha movies.
The final screenplay is as devoid of real emotion as it is of real characters.
The film is -- perhaps surprisingly -- enjoyable, even for those of us who are a little more mature.
The Happy Gilmore character is strange. I guess we are supposed to like him.
The result is a corps of good actors stuck with feeble, unfunny material that could easily pass as a crime against the moviegoing public.
The movie never builds enough momentum, emotional or narrative, to get the viewer on its side.
Perhaps a touch too long, this film nevertheless proves its worth with a surfeit of charm and a highly appealing cast.
Whatever the causes of the minor disatisfactions inherent in this film, its major rewards are due to Peter Ustinov's sensitive conception and superb direction.
Self-aware stupidity does not equal wit.
The Disaster Artist is just a total delight.
Never has an 80 minute movie been so long
Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger, fatter heart than Barbershop.
A Marvel film giving off the repeated vibe that in some other space and time, Pixar might have made it.
All charm and champagne, but a feminist nightmare.
It is Shrek-Lite.
This is a bible-based, animated adventure for children, with the emphasis on cute comedy and familiar pious tropes; it's somewhat dry and bland, but simplicity and an over-qualified voice cast help see it through.
Come As You Are is surprisingly moving, but without any clunky signs of self-pitying going on.
Sometimes, I can almost hear the studio executives talking before a film gets the green light.
Surprisingly funny, smart and, dare I say, tender. The first great blockbuster of the summer.
Disney's first attempt to make a Disney World attraction into a film (the haunted mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean are soon to follow) isn't great, but it's surprisingly unwretched.
...just another in a long line of needless horror remakes...
When it's all over, everyone comes out a winner--despite the bullet holes, knife wounds and slightly higher body count than you'd find in a typical round of Never Have I Ever.
The final half hour or so is an exhilarating action sequence beautifully done, ending in a rather excellent sausage party indeed.
I would have loved more talk about the meaning behind 'jumping the broom' and less moments of a mother desperate to hold on to her son.
... G-Force tries to captivate audiences, with mixed results. [Full review in Spanish]
Ant-Man is undoubtedly one of the best individual superhero movies on the MCU. [Full review in Spanish]
Everybody Loves Somebody doesn't deviate far from the expected rom-com playbook... Nonetheless, the film makes an effective, embraceable statement on realistic expectations of what love can be.
Even better than the first!
Is it raunchy good fun or an imminent threat to society's moral fabric? As with the movie's gleefully perverted heroes, it all depends on what floats your boat, baby.
Vacillating between sappy and snappy, Stuart Little 2 is featherweight family fare, perfectly timed for viewers with short attention spans.
The Broken Lizard comedy troupe's fourth feature is funnier than you might imagine.
As the private, public and TV lives of these characters begin to unravel and tangle, on the small screen and off, it turns into a genuinely funny comedy.
This is a movie that does not want you to think too much, lest you notice all its faults. It is a silly caper with the emphasis on action choreography and big set pieces -- which would be fine if the choreography and CGI were not so lacklustre.
Formulaic, predictable, and I wish it gave me more...
Many of the gags possibly looked good on paper, but watching Willis and Morgan struggle with them is like watching third graders do Noel Coward, if Noel Coward had been rewritten by Kevin Smith.
While it may or may not please fans of The Beatles, Yesterday is a breezy, fun watch with ample charm.
Hefner resembles a benign zombie these days and no doubt was pleasured by the free publicity for Playboy.
If we're talking about improbabilities, let's start at the movie's very premise, so wrongheaded it's like starting a game of Jenga with a clothespin.
Shares more in common with an average episode of Scooby Doo than it does with Monster's Inc.
The ensuing slapstick and general craziness are silly, funny and delivered at sugar-rush speed.
starts out inspired ... ends up sort of lame, obvious, and kind of tired,
It's like a pre-teen Pulp Fiction.
This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it. Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.
Gluck has given us a story with a really smart and sassy burst of contemporary relationship strife that stealthily draws you into the Timberland-Kunis magnetism.
The animation isn't quite as crisp or imaginative, and the plot is just about impossible to follow, but there are so many clever references and so many dazzling stars, how can you not enjoy it?
They had three years to make this sequel to the original, which was a surprising critical and box office success in 1999. So why does this film feel so rushed?
Perhaps the most unusual aspect of what is surely the year's most original and daring comedy is that John Cleese is not the funniest performer in it. Believe it or not, that honor goes to none other than the usually somber Kevin Kline.
Deadpool 2 is about as funny and action-packed and entertaining as Deadpool was, which is good news for fans, and bad news for entitled fanboys who demand every sequel be some kind of cinematic revelation...
The film isn't great, but Faris is.
"I hated this much less than I expected," complains Grouchy near the end. Cranky (this critic) disagrees.
Wicked comedy about abortion conflict. Dern is terrific.
At only 77 minutes, Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is about 76 minutes too long.
There is the requisite bathroom humor (though it's mild) and a wan effort to be a bit edgy by updating the looks of Cinderella. But it takes more than a spiffy short haircut to make a character memorable.
Mild, middle-of-the-road and formulaic.
with the exception of Romero's trilogy -- the Godfather of zombie movies -- this is the best zombie movie ever made.
Productively acknowledge real-life dangers, with stellar animation and designs shoring up the storytelling of Johnston and Pamela Ribon's witty script...a useful all-ages fable for our time.
With apologies to Don McLean: it's time to say bye bye to this bland American pie.
The real problem with Next Friday is that the whole movie is so ineptly written and directed that its 90 minutes seem to take twice as long.
Price, Seaman, and Zack have created a half-assed script which, while it doesn't bring shame to anyone, it doesn't bring anyone any glory either.
Feels like an afterthought, a trial-and-error effort in the search for the ideal Owen Wilson solo vehicle.
While animation can be a good tool to help kids - and adults - explore such topics, "Smallfoot" still seems a bit too heavy-handed for its own good.
Words almost fail me after watching this terrible romantic comedy from Griffin Dunne which is perilously described as a "sort of Carole Lombard screwball comedy". Would that it were.
'Complications arose, ensued, were overcome,' Jack says at one point. Not entirely, but Dead Man's Chest is worth weighing anchor for, regardless.
This is [Allen's] most satisfying film in decades, a film with wit and ideas that is primarily about romanticism, illusion, and nostalgia.
The plotting is surprisingly banal, involving even talk of a property easement and turning Stuart into the executor of a relative's estate. And the relatives' problems are taken semi-seriously, which is more than this lightweight film can handle.
It's immediately forgettable but not inordinately painful, more like a routine cleaning at the dentist's than a root canal.
The movie is as padded as Allen's jelly belly.
Faber's tame observations seem more like a lost opportunity to say something fresh about dating.
With nods to Spielberg, Stanley Kubrick and a host of sci-fi B-movies, the film's pop-culture references are there but predictable rather than inspired. A bit like the whole movie.
And yet, it's that very combination of simplicity in plotting and stylization that makes A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon such a joy to watch.
marked a major step for Divine, as it was the first time he was allowed to play a character that deviated from his notorious Divine persona
The message of valuing family over work feels half-baked because the film defines doing the right thing as breaking penguins out of a zoo and harboring them in a high-rise.
There is a certain retro-fifties Hollywood essence to the Gordon and Abel tales, the very idea that romance and goodwill triumph, though with it comes hardship for the characters along the way.
By embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness, the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations.
Just can't hold a candle to its predecessor.
Seth MacFarlane's debut as a feature director hits all the sweet spots that irritate prudes. Ted is hysterically, gut-bustingly funny.
Successfully walking the line between sharp comedy and thoughtful dramedy, Instant Family delivers, warming the heart and generating plenty of belly laughs.
'This rehash is a prime example of terminal sequel-itis ...'
It's worth pointing out that The Legend Continues does a fine job of skewering the current tsunami of televised-news overload.
I'll happily never watch it again..
If only it was based on an actual video game. Then we could finally have 'the best movie based on a video game.'
What sets Ice Age apart from similar family fare are a witty script and the all-digital animation that is so fresh to the eyes.
I love a good movie that's all over the place, as ridiculous and absurd as this movie is. As much disregard as it has for filmmaking, this movie is highly entertaining.
Smart, earthy and, in its own way, tender, The Brothers packs a powerfully entertaining punch.
Corpse Bride will win your heart, if it doesn't rip it out of your chest first.
Slash may be gutsy with its subject matter, but it lacks a confidently defined style. It's a well-meaning but clumsy high school movie...
Violet Tendencies betrays both its camp roots and its grown-up goals.
Undeniably one of the greatest films of the 1980s and indeed, of all time, Back to the Future has endured so well because it walks that fine tightrope of managing to appeal to just about everyone...
"Analyze That" is one of those crass, contrived sequels that not only fails on its own, but makes you second-guess your affection for the original.
Men learning about the female experience by dressing as women is a nice sentiment, but Tootsie had that covered two decades ago. White Chicks should have tried for more.
More sordid and melodramatic than sweet or sharply comic.
Chris Hemsworth's accent drifts from Antipodean to Prince William.
More often than not, the mutated spiders serve as punchlines for grisly sight gags. A little bit of this is genuinely amusing. A lot of it, which is what Elkayem provides, is merely repetitive.
If it were a regular R-rated comedy, Deadpool's "taboo" ingredients wouldn't be considered boundary-breaking at all. But in a superhero movie, this stuff feels revolutionary.
There's a great movie inside of The Half of It, and Wu is a tremendous talent who shouldn't have to wait 15 years to make another feature film. Like too many Netflix movies, this one feels like the script needed a few more drafts.
Stylized, slightly surreal, perhaps overdosing with flimsy whimsy
How to Be Single shows that rom-coms can be artfully made and intelligent, rather than dumb and pandering.
The jokes fall flat as often as not, and they're not helped a whole lot by mediocre special effects and sloppy direction.
Poo is too kind a word to describe the flat, gray nature of Disney's reenvisioned Hundred Acre Wood and the trademarked bland anonymity director Marc Forster brings to the party.
Byrne brings [his] big-hearted love of the nakedly quotidian to his first directorial effort...
An outstanding candidate for the worst film of the year.
The thing about a certain grade of contemporary French comedy, of which Priceless is a fine example, is the quality of the playing style. Nobody forces the situations, even the broadest ones.
21 & Over is lifeless, forgettable, and bland. It's the type of film you can walk in on halfway through and not only figure out what is happening in 30 seconds, but become bored 30 seconds later. It's as close to fast food as cinema gets.
An elegant, darkly amusing effort that relishes taking digs at the middle-classes while leaving its characters' supposedly perverse acts firmly to our imaginations.
You might expect that a stop-motion animated comedy all about little trolls in boxes would occasionally think outside of them. But Boxtrolls remains content to safely color within the lines of its story.
More campy than creepy, still an entertaining blend of action, adventure and comedy.
Nowhere near as funny as the movies it mocks
A comedy with good chemistry among all its protagonists, and that knows how to recycle aspects of the 2.0 culture, the era of memes and popular nonsense. [Full review in Spanish]
Screenwriter-director Leslye Headland has an ear for dialogue and offbeat characters, but the film never feels fresh or engaging.
The Final Girls trades in the slasher film staple of gore and wanton dismemberment for an unforced emotional depth that cuts deeper than any wound their killer could inflict.
A Grimm prospect for fairytale traditionalists, but breezy enough to stop tweens feeling sleepy.
[Lacks] bounciness, the poppy energy that tends to make the utterly trivial nonsense in all of these movies seem like charmingly simplistic fun and not just careless trash.
The chemistry between Sandler and Barrymore...is undeniable, a match that goes a long way towards making the film far more compelling than it should be.
It's not a very good movie, but you can't have Ferrell without getting a few good laughs here and there.
Be prepared...for some good, vulgar fun.
Joyful Noise is too tone-deaf to put its few blessings to good use.
There are absolutely no surprises in any of the increasingly choppy vignettes.
Jeff, Who Lives at Home doesn't possess a ton of substance, but what it does have is the power to make you leave the theater with a smile on your face.
Sheen is very good at the deadpan humor that makes these films fly.
The best surprise about this sequel to the 2004 gender-confusion romcom is that it's actually a better film--sharper, stronger and funnier.
Deadpool hooks you into Wade's trauma, but mostly it's content to skate along on the cheekiness of his death-sport attitude. The film's airy cynicism says: he's not the hero we dream of, he's just the one we deserve.
An underwritten doodle, directed by Liam Lynch, that you'd swear was constructed by high school kids with Mom and Dad's camcorder.
I wish I found more of the sick-jokiness funny, as opposed to skeevy. I wish director Matthew Vaughn didn't shoot every slaughterfest with the same slo-mo tics and lurches.
Simple in story, complex in construction, and unquestionably innovative in style.
The Coens clearly have something to say about Hollywood's irresolvable dedication to art and commerce, but the uneven, shaggy-dog nature of the film's scattershot comedy buries most of it.
A fun-filled, vibrant, wacky and heartfelt adventure that is a treat for everyone.
What were they thinking? Simple: They weren't.
Sydney White isn't incompetently made. It's not even particularly offensive. It's just very, very uninspired and almost instantly forgettable.
This second Ka-Kui adventure rests comfortably in-between the others, overflowing with Chan's patented stuntwork and comic high jinks, and as such, it's a fine introduction to the Jackie Chan phenomenon.
It may lack the finesse and charm of animation from Pixar, Disney or DreamWorks, but it's a decent yarn for younger kids who want something to watch on a rainy day or school holiday.
New Year's Eve is a perfect example of why the adjective "Hollywood" is so often used as a pejorative.
Adams' natural effervescence and Blunt's tart world-weariness come through well, but the dot-connecting screenplay and inert direction eventually leave them stranded.
Unbelievably bad.
Far too unpleasant and ugly.
They also need a more imaginative script.
Thank goodness comedy still has the power to make us confront the stuff decorum tells us to avoid.
Comedy with heart is nice, but not if it gets in the way of the laughs.
Watchable, lively, intricately designed, but with exotic plot contrivances and parallel storylines that don't fully gel.
Loses the most important part of Shakespeare: his insight into human behavior.
Looks fun on the surface but suffers from a serious identity crisis underneath.
The hilarious original that inspired the musical (and upcoming film, again)...if you like Mel Brooks, you'll like this.
A simple, charming little movie that's fit for both kids and parents.
Is it wrong to wish that Araki had taken the care to bring his audience to at least one of the multiple climaxes enjoyed by his characters?
Silly, profane and, on its own explicitly stated terms, very nearly perfect.
...the three stars manage to infuse their familiar characters with a congeniality that proves impossible to resist.
If there were an Academy Award for body language, Witherspoon would win it hands down for this performance.
There's a term called 'idiot plot' that's used to describe stories whose development hinges on the stupidity of their characters.
It's The Matrix without the pretentious pop-philosophy, and Bend it Like Beckham without the teen angst.
Essentially a filmed play, but McConaughey's performance is too good to ignore.
A howlingly comic revel in bad taste.
It is a period pastiche executed with brilliant attention to detail and a weird, suppressed passion, like a sitcom in a bad dream.
The Rewrite is good fun and gets better as you adjust to its gentle pace and start to appreciate the unshowy quality of Grant's performance.
Apocalyptic thriller is too apoplectic for most.
It really is a crushing disappointment to report that The Simpsons Movie is merely average by its own lofty standards.
I sometimes have a bit of a sweet tooth for Nancy Meyers's Ephron-lite diversions, but this, frankly ... eww.
As with last time, the main attraction is that enviable ensemble, complete with brilliant new additions, whose talents for impersonating their co-stars have only got funnier in the last couple of years.
The movie version of Aqua offers pretty much the same surreal, gross, half-baked antics as the TV version, and that's just not enough.
[Snatched] is an underdone farcical variation on the "vacation from hell" theme, combined with the mother-and-daughter-coming-to-terms scenario.
But it's not meant to be deep - it's intended as an easy-going laugh-fest and on that front it succeeds thanks exclusively to Kevin James's energetic performance.
It's hard to hate a movie that affectionately references the oeuvre of Kathryn Bigelow (both The Hurt Locker and Point Break!) and uses a whiny Third Eye Blind ballad as an acidic punch line.
A funny and endearing tale about Keanu the gangster cat, or as I like to call him the bogeyman. I mean the cat they send to kill the bogeyman. The action is a perfect parody of a Wick-ian ballet with soaring music and slo-mo backflips against pillars.
An inept farce with the mentality of a tittering 15-year-old boy peering under the bedcovers with a flashlight.
Next time you go shopping leave Woody and Bette at home
... Bernie is an unusual film with charm to spare, but it also happens to be laugh out loud funny, enthralling, profoundly sad and ultimately one of the year's best films.
A very funny, very unusual ensemble comedy that falls somewhere between slapdash and brilliant, an improvised comedy with more hits than misses.
The schlubby, aw-shucks look on Vaughn's face in the omnipresent Delivery Man ads tells you everything you need to know about the ooey-gooey direction in which the film is headed.
Pamela Anderson, Simon Cowell and a Michael Jackson clone - certainly some folks' idea of a good time but little more than an act of sheer desperation as far as I'm concerned.
[Garland and Rooney] seem like old pros at making the plot machinations seem at least a little fresh.
It's all about the snappy dialogue and simmering tension between these hugely charismatic stars.
Ted is, in the end, a terminally uneven and barely-passable debut from MacFarlane that, when compared to his superior work in television, can't help but come off as a serious disappointment.
The first film was laugh-till- you-can't- remember-what- you're-laughing -at funny, while MIIB prefers gags that take a second or two to absorb but stick around the cerebrum a lot longer.
A film which effectively capitalizes on the human heart's weakness for cute things.
A follow-up that pays homage to its lineage while marking a little new territory of its own.
What pours from the screen while you watch this comic book adaptation is seething, unadulterated cynicism.
Chaos, and a missed opportunity.
Takes a wry and observant look at human interaction. And along the way it subtly pokes fun at the machismo in Latino society.
Dudley Moore once made a pretty forgettable comedy giving various well-worn bible stories a light irony wash by reacting to them with the skepticism and confusion a person of today might. Year One is basically that, but dumber.
Without relatability, there is nothing memorable about this film to sustain it after its theatrical run.
The entire film has three repetitive jokes: Dewey cut his brother in half, Dewey can't smell, and he's going to take drugs. So it's kind of amazing how well the film works.
One of the few recent movies I have seen that plunged me into that rare, giddy state of pleasurable confusion, of not knowing what would happen next, which I associate with the reading and moviegoing experiences of my own childhood.
For the sequel, writer-director James Gunn has doubled down on all his once-nifty novelties. Strip them away and what remains is a bloated semi-mess.
If you want the cinematic version of a dim sum brunch, or cocktail hour at a tapas bar - lots of little plates, good flavors and uncomplicated fun - "Chef" has a table saved, just for you.
The story of an embarrasingly inept heavy-metal band called Spinal Tap, Rob Reiner's film set the mockumentary standard that has come to define much of modern screen comedy. [Blu-ray]
Overall, this is a fun movie in a fun series. They definitely left the door open for a fourth movie and I'll definitely go see it when it comes out.
Clooney may not be a weighty sociocultural dramatist, but he's not dim, so it's surprising to see how misjudged and tokenistic this secondary part of the film turns out to be.
Embora nada original, o roteiro é suficientemente divertido e explora muito bem as mais do que estabelecidas personas da dupla principal: o jeitão desajeitado e auto-crítico de Grant e a insegurança engraçadinha de Barrymore.
Burt turned down "Tems of Endearment' to do this one. At least he met Loni.
Wondering if our plugged-in world is short-circuiting our most haywire years, Eighth Grade is neither alarmist nor condemning -- just wincingly sensitive.
Its full title may be unwieldy and its humor a tad colorful for a family audience, but Vince Vaughn's Wild West Comedy Show is surprisingly endearing and chock-full of a genuine appreciation of the moment.
[Jerry] Lewis constructed one of his sturdiest scripts in The Nutty Professor, and he wasted scarcely a minute of it.
What Raising Helen doesn't offer is a competent (never mind compelling) performance from Hudson, who is as cute as lace pants and has approximately as much acting skill.
The personalities of the brothers ... grow tiresome quickly.
The film's deliberate color palette and tightly choreographed, perfectly timed sequences recall Jacques Tati. But there's an irreverent, off-center humor here that's distinctly their own.
Small, undemanding children might find this distracting; small, tree-hopping rodents may be mortally offended.
Apparently, it's okay to be nostalgic again, especially when the emotional payoff is this big-a wonderful surprise.
Despite all these reservations, many children will enjoy this picture, and it's the best-crafted, most entertaining Hollywood product of a very bad week.
Get used to this phrase: "The penguins are psychotic."
The end result is an okay movie that has some decent scares and a few good laughs.
Overall, the nimble, funny second half doesn't quite cancel out the sluggish first half.
Mistaking cute and quirky for teeth-grindingly obnoxious, All About Steve is one of the most irritating moviegoing experiences of the year. Shame on you, Sandra Bullock, you know better than this.
MIB = MAB - Mediocrity At Best
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence.
The film remains in a nice and tender adventure, with enough charm to keep our attention, especially those who remember with love the Pooh Bear and his gang of +h animals. [Full Review in Spanish]
Can't decide whether it's a romance, a fish-out- of-water flick, a teen-parent conflict story, or a tale of sibling rivalry and reconciliation, and therefore fails at each.
Between the stand-up routines and the day to day craziness, there's hardly a chance to catch your breath.
Brigsby Bear is so committed to its brand of self-congratulatory uplift that the filmmakers refuse to contemplate any of their material's darker aspects.
Stinging Coen brothers satire.
The Tuxedo proves to be missing a few buttons as a satisfying action flick. The likable Chan looks surprisingly out of fashion in this poorly designed vehicle.
This may be the best Muppet film since - well - the last one. That's praise enough.
A letdown, more marketing tool than movie.
By the time The D Train has anything important to say (albeit at the cost of some poorly conceived, mildly homophobic jokes), the shock of the central plot device has worn off.
If there was any doubt that most things in society have been dumbed down in the last couple of decades, Dumb and Dumber To could be exhibit A.
If Legally Blonde 2 were a legislative bill, it'd never make it out of committee.
There's not many films I see in a year that wouldn't be improved with McKinnon in them.
All three leads are adequate, but the simple act of attempting to re-create the madcap aura of the original Stooges' brotherly sadomasochism is doomed from the get-go.
The storyline overall feels forced and clunky.
The film fuses an indie/punk rock sensibility with comic-book violence and video game energy, mixed with quirky humor and sassy pop culture references.
As a star Clooney is in his element, but as a director he's strained.
Everybody's Famous! starts out as a triumphant commentary on what it takes to achieve celebrity and the wealth it promises. But as the film progresses, it becomes wildly tedious and wacky.
Superficial, cheesy and most notably, ridiculous; Baywatch rests somewhere between a homage to the hit television show and an R-rated parody.
Hansel and Gretel is a bloody mess.
Ritchie is a director with no instinct for the audience, and he can't hold things together for an entire film. He seems at a loss, from moment to moment, as to what he should emphasize.
Jonah Hill brings the piece enough of his stellar comic timing to make the comedy a decent one to catch on cable on a rainy day, but can't save a film that needed a few more rewrites and at least one more trip to the editing bay.
As so often, this diluted Gulliver's Travels is presented as if it were a children's story, clearly influenced by similarly defanged versions of Alice In Wonderland.
One of the biggest mysteries of Knight and Day is figuring out who exactly the film is primarily for
When it does work, the results are legitimately amazing. And yet, it never quite pulls together into a coherent artistic statement and there are simply too many times when it feels as if it is just being weird for the sake of being weird.
By not pushing the worrying psychological limits, Dave McCary's film pulls off a tidy switch where the past's painful failings are supplanted by the future's creative endeavours.
For a movie called "Monte Carlo," this one keeps the stakes pretty low.
It's a smooth variation on the type of tale we've heard before, but especially with characters like these, it can still have something new to say.
The whole cast of Scary Movie keep straight faces throughout, which is the right way to go. By making everything seem serious and real, it only proves more funny for the audience watching it.
There's nobody delivering the laughs in this arid action comedy.
This is a movie that disappoints because its cast is really giving it their all, but the script isn't on the same level as their performances - perhaps it just need a little more time to grow up.
Feels more like the raw feed than the final edit, and seems to run as long as the time span promised in the title.
Dismal action/adventure fantasy that consists of nothing more than a series of badly directed fight sequences and fails to engage on every conceivable level, thanks to poor direction, lacklustre performances and a badly written, frequently idiotic script.
Everyone got into the spirit of the movie (no pun intended) and made a cute film.
Wain gets some mileage out of his humorous stars.... But eventually the sound of little Thompson spouting obscenities loses its magic.
The plot is cumbersome, clunky and obvious - and the two leads aren't given nearly enough freedom to explore any potential chemistry.
This is the kind of mindless comedy that works best in the summer, where you come in from the heat and just want to sit back and laugh.
The best part about Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is that the film knows it is unoriginal and uses that to its advantage. Michael Douglas was priceless.
It has fun with itself, which is also a good deal for the audience.
Clearly surge pricing also applies to jokes, because it's mostly about as funny as a traffic jam.
You know how sometimes, in a dream, you'll see these familiar scenes and faces floating in and out of focus, but you're not sure how they connect? Another 48 HRS is a movie that feels the same way.
Jon Brion's original score is a perfect companion for the film with a sublime mixture of melancholy and madness along the way.
Austin Powers, this is not, and I suppose that's what most people would have been expecting when they saw it.
I.Q. is a romantic comedy with its heart in the right place, and all of the other pieces distributed correctly, too.
...it is a rewarding experience just to play "spot the hilarious movie reference" even if you don't care about the exploits of Shrek et al. But you do care.
If you're old enough to read this, odds are the first thing you want to know about "Open Season" is: "How much is this going to annoy me?"
It's like watching a cat tear into a rolling ball of yarn but not nearly as entertaining.
Really: no benefits to watching this.
These are shallow, vacuous people who have somewhere along the way confused narcissism with introspection, [and] we the audience are forced to watch them struggle across the vast wastelands of their titanic egos
A few laughs.
Most of Delhi Belly raises a smile, (a few guffaws can be had as well), even if you feel like holding your nose through it.
It has become readily apparent that it is, indeed, the time to say goodbye to this once delightfully different character.
Massive motion capture in a super-computerized animated romp in Antarctica with the feel-good theme of being yourself.
Game Night manages to be both surprising and well-executed in its comic and suspenseful moments.
MLPTM creators are all too aware they now serve two masters. However kid-friendly the daft plot, its dialogue has been sharpened for a much older, far more cynical clientele. Bronyism hangs heavy over each knowing aside and attempted clever reference.
Degenerates into a tedious series of unamusing and rather forced gross-out gags.
The film should be harmless fun yet comes over as seedy and a bit unpleasant.
...an entertaining, surprisingly charming update of the Disney's 1961 animated classic.
Bad puns, fashion porn, domestic handwringing, contrived plot points, idiotic dialogue and offensive stereotypes. What's not to loathe?
begin charting the legendarily-steep decline of Murphy as a conversation worth having outside the tabloids.
wistfully subversive optimism
Princess Diaries 2 charts the selfish quest of a 21-year-old American to have-it-all.
Focusing on a movie's strengths can be tough for any sequel that fails to live up to the expectation and hype. Kick-Ass 2's idolisation of its predecessor merely compounds this problem.
If nothing else, one of the great titles for a sequel
The film wants only to pit its common-man heroes against a bunch of colorful, laughable adversaries, and achieves this goal admirably.
Disney's valiant attempt at making politics even more excruciating than they already are.
The bar had been raised so high by the first 2 films that reaching it again proves difficult...and they came close. Check it out!
Pointlessly rancid and redundant...Hopefully, Disaster Movie will indeed vanish as quickly as a three-second burp at a chili-eating contest.
An unfunny, shallow and lethargic comedy that's even worse than last year's Book Club.
The most unsung, and in some ways disappointing character, is the dachshund.
In a world in which The Hangover exists, there's no purpose to this movie whatsoever.
90 minutes of mediocrity followed by 10 minutes of the most manipulative, mean-spirited pap ever put into a movie made for families
The film-making Farrelly brothers have striven for 12 years to re-establish the hysteria frequency of There's Something About Mary.
Bears the scars of a film sliced and diced by a studio hoping to salvage a failed comedy.
It's lightweight but enjoyable summer fun.
Great songs and stars and a pretty good script, too
A remixed version of Elvis's "Rubberneckin'" is an apt credit sequence number, since the movie is itself a similarly trivial, jazzed-up version of a standard.
[It] runs an excruciatingly long 1:23 -- one minute of this movie would last a lifetime
Garcia delivers a nerve-jangling tour de force tryout that will be appreciated by out-of-work actors for years to come.
Right, you guessed it. It is Enter the Dragon with dorks.
Falls squarely -- and, it must be said, squirrelly -- in the middle between the lackluster Madagascar and the wonderful Wallace & Gromit in the Curse of the Were-Rabbit.
The Ant-man sequel is a thrilling fun ride that engages you emotionally and amuses you with its CGI antics and comic demeanour.
The writer of I Love You, Beth Cooper says the story is based on a dream. I believe him. This is one of the very few movies where I wanted the hero to wake up and discover it was only a dream.
The problem is that it doesn't aim particularly high and, when the tears have dried and the cheers have subsided, there's a sense that what the movie offers is disappointingly ephemeral.
This disposable horror comedy is nothing more than a popcorn-chomping spectacle of subgenre nonsense.
... there isn't enough comedy or drama here to satisfy anyone's tastes in particular, and even Rene Zellweger dressed as a tart couldn't have made it any more watchable.
Banderas is a delight as Puss
Even when the jokes are so predictable the punch lines seem preprogrammed, there is inevitably some visual business to keep us occupied, and to keep Robots merrily clanking along.
While I may have been let down on some levels by this film, The LEGO Ninjago Movie still offers a good time, even for those with no familiarity with the toy line.
With Schwartz's pitch-perfect vocals coupled with Carrey's familiar but wallowing-in-evil antics... a tight script and attention to detail... yields a predictable but satisfying adventure.
[A] half-baked -- and yes, pointless -- homage.
An uneasy mix of well-realized humor and unrealized sadness.
By mixing a detective story and futuristic robots the filmmakers were likely aiming for the next Blade Runner. They wound up with the next Battlefield Earth.
The concerns running through Dolittle are more dire than anything this doctor could cure. Gaghan, who won an Oscar for writing Traffic, has trouble figuring out what kind of movie he's trying to make.
Though Bateman rolls through the film with sly comic skill, the whole exercise seems half-baked -- a high concept and some funny gags that do not a great comedy make.
The scariest clown movie you see this year is a documentary.
Paul Feig once again shows that he understands how to draw only the best out of Melissa McCarthy, which ensures that Spy is a hilarious espionage thriller that doesn't skimp on the action.
The story is really all over the place, but it's your only choice for an Easter Bunny movie for miles around, so expect to see this one cycled around again each spring.
... has the customary supple Pixar animation ... [but] the story lacks punch ...
In the end, the hunter becomes the hunted; but wouldn't the animal rights message mean more if you actually cared about the critters?
The only thing worse than hot garbage is elaborately lukewarm mediocrity, and for too much of its running time, the new comedy Stuber is just that.
never does it get any more amusing than someone falling down, falling out of a window, or falling off of a bed
Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids! Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
Woody Allen's clumsy, unfunny, preachy homage to secular humanism commits the cardinal sin; it's devoid of humor.
I loved it, and I think it is a film that will improve with each viewing.
The film has two very, very good ideas, but doesn't fit them together well; while its laughs are only sporadic, and the romantic subplot falls generally flat.
The type of movie that makes you laugh in spite of yourself. It definitely falls under the guilty pleasure category.
If you really like French ambience, this film is drowning in it. But don't expect Amelie or Chocolat. This film is far less witty, charming and moving than those films, no matter how desperately it tries to emulate them.
It's hard to qualify what's best about this unprepossessing gem -- the sly script, the laugh-out-loud gags and parodies or the peculiar, but charming, fantasylike atmosphere. Then there's the vintage '60s soundtrack...
The latest Adam Sandler assault on the art of film is one of those films -- the kind where multi-millionaires explain to you that money can't buy happiness.
Once the film gets up to speed, it remains going fast enough to barrel through the awkward blend of tones.
...remains virtually intolerable throughout its overlong running time due primarily to star Robin Williams' relentless mugging and writer/director Barry Levinson's inordinately mediocre screenplay.
[Green] seems to think slowly wiggling the camera, as if it were on a waterbed filled with Jell-O, will up the yuks. And Hill winds up as a junior-version Uncle Buck.
Preposterous, inane and silly, but outrageously funny.
The film is written so unevenly that its virtues feel more accidental than deliberate.
There are eight credited writers on this rapidly paced jumble of a movie, which could be a record. (You have to wonder: What movie titles did this octet of high foreheads reject?)
The flat, scrubbed-looking film barely does anything with this premise.
The fun is in enjoying the two leads, both strikingly good, and the extra (if sometimes misplaced) textures provided by a strong supporting cast including Richard Jenkins, Patricia Clarkson and Jenna Elfman.
Ducks return to ice in sequel that focuses on sportsmanship.
a fun, family movie that doesn't aspire, or need to be, anything more.
The problem, however, is that the script by Matthew Newman doesn't do enough to make [Richard] either lovable or reprehensible.
A joyous mixture of silly humor and niche references makes John Mulaney & the Sack Lunch Bunch the most entertaining Netflix original of the year.
The train heist scenes are carefully choreographed, no doubt to give Chan more leeway and CG boost, and the abundant use of explosives takes time away from real break-a-leg stunts.
But it's fun, it has some good messages and what kid won't enjoy seeing pancakes flatten a roof and an ice-cream blizzard that you can eat while you play in it? Especially when it's presented in colorful 3-D splendor?
Yeah, the movie with Judd Nelson as the lawyer with a ***** in his briefcase.
The President's Last Bang has been extremely well made, and its cast deftly walks the thin line between reality and parody. Perhaps the players do it a bit too well.
A better title for this entry, the first of the Disney Poohs to be live action (although neither word in that phrase is an apt descriptor), would be Winnie the Pooh and the Unfilled Zoloft Prescription.
Forget the convoluted plot. The animation bursts with wonders and it's a pleasure to re-connect with those empowered sister princesses: Elsa (Idina Menzel) and Anna (Kristen Bell). Why is the sequel never the equal? Frozen II just might break the jinx.
...a surprisingly compelling piece of work..
'Get Hard's' affability barely outweighs its offensive stereotypes.
Clever comedy, gorgeous animation, and a huge batch of action craziness. Impressive across the board.
You'll laugh, You'll cry, You'll Howl?
What were the odds that the guys who launched their careers with Dumb And Dumber would give us one of the funniest, smartest date movies in years?
Even [Ferrell] can't save it from descending into holiday schmaltz at the end, but he fights to keep it funny.
Even the most basic sit-com slapstick needs a story!
became more about an excuse to party. Sure, that fits Wayne Campbell's style, but I was hoping for some more story, even if it was a bit silly
We're briefly reminded of the first film's poignancy and realize how much this one has forgotten it.
A good cast (Hugh Grant, Matthew McConaughey) turn up, but the results are tired and, more than once, racist. It will probably make lots of money.
Scouts dances a mostly successful line in splatter gore and gross-out humour, [earning] itself a sleeve-full of merit badges.
Hawks delivers his usual heavy-handed direction, but the film's premise is too flimsy to spread over two hours. The script is marred by tired comic routines and slow pacing.
There's a funny movie scratching at the edges of "This is 40."
Call me crazy, but which would you rather see: Tom Cruise pretending to be scared, or Steve-O actually terrified (of a large alligator)? Vin Diesel grunting the F-word, or Bam Margera conning his mother into saying it (with a large alligator)?
Outta sight!
The Python troupe at their most witty and imaginative.
As close as you're likely to get Burtonesque perfection.
Ernst doesn't feel a moral obligation to only depict behavior onscreen that he endorses, and neither should any filmmaker, for that matter. Such limitations are the antithesis of art.
any film that references The Incredible Shrinking Man so beautifully deserves its moment on the stage.
Somewhere amid the unbearable stereotypes that choke this sophomoric comedy is a potent blue-collar revenge fantasy about an arrogant white-collar crook getting his just comeuppance.
I've known better than to get excited about video game movies at this point, so the best I can say is the film delivers on what it sets out to do.
Slapstick humor, a rehashed plot and generic voice casting.
Chris Kattan should have been in silent comedy. He has the Silly Putty face of those old slapstick stars, and a sing-song, splitting-headache vox box that would have played much better in the silents.
Completely giggle worthy, with some guffaws tossed in.
This Vacation is no holiday for fans of the franchise.
Frozen II offers little in terms of plot or music that will please either the adult or kid Disney fan, and will have audiences wishing they were watching the original film instead.
Like a good Caucasian, Joel and Ethan Coen's L.A.-based crime-caper-comedy is an acquired taste, but potentially addictive once you take to its perfectly offbeat blend of seemingly disparate elements.
Pixar is truly the Ferrari of animation studios...another winner!
Goon captures the humanity of the brutal - and uplifting - game of hockey that is identified so strongly with Canada. It's no coincidence that actually, Jay Baruchel has a tattoo of a maple leaf over his heart.
Similar to Are We Done Yet? this insipid comedy pits the idiotic hero against an impossibly perfect villain. As a result, the movie has no intelligent, truthful or sympathetic characters.
War on Everyone is neither only a parody nor only a joke. It's after something far weirder.
Carrey generates zero laughs with one penguin. Then five more penguins arrive, and even youngsters should know the product of six times zero.
Think Robert Altman's Short Cuts with clay characters as engaging as human actors, and you might get a sense of what you'll experience.
We're reminded that Orson Welles described a movie studio as the biggest electric train a kid could ever get. Bogdanovich doesn't let us play with his train. Instead, he keeps us on the outside of a curiously flat movie.
Perhaps the best known mockumentary of the 1980s...
Co-writer / director Cory Edwards has a lot of fun blending the detective genre with the familiar fairy tale world and the witty script throws up several hilarious one-liners, many of which will sail over the heads of a young audience.
This movie is funny with just the right mix of underdog sports, comedy, and charm. Yes, it's predictable, but it's also fun entertainment.
Charlie's Angels (2019) is rip-roaring fun from start to finish, with energetic action and female empowerment that actually feels empowering.
Kansas City native Paul Rudd is not only taking on a new lead role, but is also making an attempt at writing, and let's say it's a good one.
The pleasures are only sporadic. R.I.P.D. simply can't overcome its flaws or the fact that it too closely resembles the far superior Men in Black.
The film tends to be funny when confining itself to short sketches or dopey television-based humor, flat when pretending to be anything more.
A predictable, drawn-out romantic comedy that happens to be set in the shadow of impending apocalypse.
It's the writer/director's finest and most accessible movie in years, bitterly funny and painfully moving.
...a perfectly watchable yet decidedly uneven comedy/drama that benefits from Patrick Huard's consistently engrossing performance.
it is easy to see how virtually everything that is good in animation right now has some small seed in Toy Story
Pleasant enough, yet it seldom sparks hearty laughter or tugs too strongly on a heartstring.
It's forgettable, but far from the worst Scooby Doo adaptation.
I admired the craft more than I loved the results. But The Tales of Despereaux is still better-than-average animation.
A dense, organic, dazzling and funny tapestry, making use of varied and subtly colored animation and stop-motion; candid video; playfully verbose direct address; chapters and footnotes and doodles; and suavely chosen music and sonic bridges.
It is marred by a lack of inspiration, some flat celebrity cameos, and the same gay jokes and identical situations over and over again.
...it's not difficult at all to imagine audiences going crazy over some of this stuff (the "bear trap" sequence is an obvious highlight).
ideal for anyone who thinks their family is the most dysfunctional during the holidays and yearns to be proved wrong
The humor is mostly visual while too many of the scenes that are actually written whimper out without a punch line.
One giant testimony to unmet potential.
There's more fun to be had from watching the various miracles on display than deciphering the story, or wondering why William H Macy and James Spader took bit parts in it.
For the most part, Sex Tape aspires to surf the same big, broad waves of blue laughter as a Bridesmaids or a Knocked Up, but never catches a ride for too long.
Well, if you can figure out how this story ends, you've probably got better things to do than watch 27 Dresses.
Here we have an adult comedy that dares suggest that love is not always eternal. As it happens, that's a goldmine of untapped comedy potential.
A vicious, disturbing black comedy that delivers a wickedly entertaining ride if you don't take it too seriously.
And the crowd roars - why, Natalie, why?
...an appealingly old-school Disney comedy.
It's all a big goof, but it holds together so that you can enjoy the ride rather than wonder if it will ever end.
The film mixes several different types of comedy, but it manages to maintain the same tone throughout, even as the reveals become ever more ridiculous.
A wonderfully sweet and poignant comedy that goes in all kinds of unexpected directions.
While the increasingly surreal weather activity could be jarring for some small children, the movie is solid family entertainment all the way -- even while incorporating Public Enemy's still-incendiary anthem "Fight the Power" in its soundtrack.
The Naked Gun is a continuous stream of verbal and visual gags that come so fast, you don't have time to realize how bad/old/corny they are.
Wright and Co. have produced another excellent comedy that, although it falls a little short of their previous two films, still delivers all the laughs that we've come to expect from the trio.
Grinches and Scrooges everywhere have finally found a holiday movie to call their own.
Seth Rogen hardens his Hanna-Barbera face to become what he's never been before: Damn scary. Fiendishly misanthropic, unnervingly funny and dangerously subversive, Jody Hill hybridizes "Taxi Driver" into a satire of major laughs and grim subtext.
Films like Big Daddy and The Waterboy aggravated me by being actively obnoxious; Mr. Deeds is merely bland.
I still can't surmise what possible appeal the football-headed crusader and his neighborhood gang might have for anyone who's evolved beyond primordial ooze.
The jokes are built almost entirely around references to old black and white horror movies.
When it was over I felt vaguely embarrassed. I wasn't just leaving a movie theater. I was taking a walk of shame.
All leather pants & augmented boobs, Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative, handbag-clutching Sarandon.
pretty much exactly what you are probably expecting it to be, which makes it, in and of itself, a wholly satisfying dive into the amusingly ribald and bloody world of Marvel's most anti-Marvel character
It remains one of the better action-comedy buddy pictures you'll find.
It's crass, rude, unforgiving, wrong--and funny as all hell.
The film's structure leaves many unanswered questions, but doesn't get in the way of both laughs and/or outrage -- depending on where viewers' political sympathies lie.
A modest but often side-splitting effort from the neurotic comic.
An congenial, occasionally laugh -out- loud satire that has a broad affection for its target.
Road trip raunchfest is ridiculously awful.
Instead of being enjoyable, it's exasperating.
Chicken Little is shiny and peppy, with some solid laughs and dandy vocal performances, but even a small child may sense how forced this movie is.
It just sort of hangs around, trying to find its way, fun at times but mostly kind of lost.
Not often does a family film come along that is literate, clever, mischievous and just plain fun.
The most condensed and purified expression of the starry-eyed optimistic humanism that defined all of Henson's best work.
In that rarest of cinematic turns, the return of 1970s TV news anchor Ron Burgundy is a huge improvement on the surprise 2004 hit...it has a lot more laughs, a much better story and even a point or two to make about the modern news business.
a marshmallow script that takes no risks with the material
Fails to ever really find its focus as a story
Overall the film is as static as its star's face which -- given the large amount of scantily-clad female flesh on display -- is really quite an achievement.
The idea sucks on paper, and it doesn't get any better when it's on the screen.
[Carrey's] face performs gymnastic, nay pyroclastic, spasms while the voice cracks gags as a top chef cracks eggs: quickly, expertly, instantly separating, when possible, the joke from the runny stuff.
A winsome, though clunky, romance mercifully sidelines the obvious symbolism...
A very clever screenplay comes up with some surprising reasons for the would-be lovers to keep crossing paths.
A finely tuned satire of the insane Hollywood modus operandi, heightened by farcical flourishes and grounded with the kind of reportorial integrity that distinguishes Mamet's best work.
It doesn't help that Manny, Diego and Sid are among the most boring characters to lead a franchise in recent times.
If anything, the movie is almost more for adults than it is for kids. The first half to two-thirds in particular are quiet, peaceful and beautifully subtle.
Because Tin Men is based on fundamental truth, it is able to be funny even in some of its quieter moments. The good jokes always hurt a little.
Billy Crystal delivers nostalgic, heartwarming fun for young children, parents and grandparents.
Charlize Theron and Seth Rogen may not be an obvious pairing, but Jonathan Levine's romantic comedy makes a virtue of that.
This animated retelling of the familiar Old Testament story is playful, high-spirited and unmistakably amusing.
those seeking a more meaningful romantic comedy should probably just rent 'My Best Friend's Wedding' instead.
There are a lot of movies that don't deliver on their promise. The Hunting Party is one of them. It's a disheartening disappointment.
While Bad Santa is consistently funny, it sometimes feels more like a long comedy sketch rather than an actual film.
Alex & Emma is an amalgam of cliches about writers and burlesque stereotypes of foreigners.
Dismal comedy about nerds trying to be cool.
Think The Shawshank Redemption for The Bad News Bears crowd.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory will be the film today's children will be telling their children about when they want to introduce them to the great Willy Wonka.
A showcase for a slobby star and sloppy sentiment, 'St. Vincent' is an entirely bogus enterprise except that it may leave you, against your better judgment, with a genuine smile on your authentic face.
[Its] humming industry and multi-pixelated craft come lit by a spark of something close to genuine enchantment.
It's entertaining without any weight behind the story at all.
Despite its charms, and the refreshingly non-traditional characters, Lilo & Stitch seems diluted and too derivative to be as effective as one wants it to be.
One of those rare movies that aren't so good, yet you wouldn't mind seeing it again.
A mildly amusing bayou farce with plenty of 'foosball' action to liven the sometimes plodding proceedings.
Enchanting & Unique for All Ages
I imagine this was pitched as something like Wedding Crashers meets Superbad and it has the feel of a comedy leftover from the Noughties. Don't they know the party's over?
Rock serves as star, director, co-writer, and co-producer, so he can't point fingers at anyone else when the film loses its way.
Ironically, Yesterday focusses on a man who plagiarises one of the most iconic back catalogues in the history of modern music, while Curtis seems equally happy to continue doing the same to his own.
Carolla, who co-wrote and co-directed the picture with Kevin Henchis, has a way of making his remarkably stiff screen presence endearing. He plays Bruce with gentle self-mockery and a touch of genuine pathos.
Imagine being dead, and still having to wear a corset.
a particularly uninspired sitcom that's desperately recycling hack-material at cyclone speed to no avail
Groundbreaking and thrilling
An increasingly rich and accomplished comic still works for his laughs, with edge, antic energy and polished stage patter.
Just a really fun movie that you can fall right into.
This doggie has fleas.
Scoob!'s animation is very well done with vibrant colors and sharp details. The soundtrack is also eclectic helping adult viewers take a stroll down memory lane.
The Coen Brothers throw this film into the gutter, never developing what could have been a Strictly Ballroom-like spoof of the bowling world.
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
One belly laughing sequence after another.
It's a bit difficult to know what to do with this film. Much of what happens on screen is played for laughs... So when the deeper topics swirl up, they kind of push the air right out of the film.
Packs a lot of Lower East Side quirkiness into 97 minutes. Maybe too much.
It may be true that all 14-year-olds desire to be older and strive to appear so, but exploring those wishes and dreams in such a superficial, coarse and insensitive way as this movie does is neither responsible nor good entertainment for anyone of any age
"Land Ho!" is both a small film and an unabashed wannabe crowd pleaser, but it's also one whose subtle capturing of behavior and longing resonates with clarity that stays with you.
The comical disregard for life fits right in with the film's disregard for financial reality.
High expectations only led to huge disappointment.
Genuinely hilarious
'It's like Lord Of The Flies in here!' cries nerdy teen Spencer (Dyllan Christopher) when he sees the film's quarantined crew, which is as clever as Paul Feig's movie gets.
Will Smith and Tom Holland display excellent chemistry as two unlikely partners with different personalities.
A lighthearted romp that delivers laughs, and a thought or two, along the way.
It's a pastiche of calculated plot points and characters...
But even Nanjiani's endearingly funny turn isn't enough to elevate "Stuber" above its own trite, lazy aspirations.
The Lizzie McGuire Movie is like the big, warm pans of homemade brownies your mom used to make: sweet, simple, familiar and, ultimately, satisfying.
The order of the victims is mostly unpredictable and the third act is largely unrelenting in its terrors.
Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again is one of those films that looks like it was as fun to make as it is to watch. It's a glitter-bomb of happiness and music, delivered to a world that could use a lot of both.
Game Night is hardly a game-changer but - with the help of a spirited cast and some inspired sequences - is elevated from pedestrian material into a perfect Friday night popcorn movie.
Death itself.
A crass, classic, take-the-money-and-run ripoff which squanders a golden opportunity to make a statement about racial profiling, the Patriot Act and the Geneva Conventions in favor of serving up a mindless teensploit laced with shockingly-graphic images.
The only people who will get any enjoyment out of this feature are those who love to ogle Matthew McConaughey shirtless ...
More miss than hit, despite some hilarious sequences.
There is certainly plenty of fun to be had with James Gunn's new entry in the Guardians universe, and I will look forward to more adventures with this group...but Volume 2 didn't quite hit the right note for me.
It isn't quite the revelation that the first movie was, but keeps the original's zippy, cheerful spirit intact while building upon its world.
The collaborations between Adam McKay and Will Ferrell which find a way to throw in a little bit of everything and be so consistently funny that the ease in which they do it practically spits in the face of George Bernard Shaw.
A remarkably effective combination of deranged humour, nutty slapstick and cute sentimentality.
Ishtar is a failure on practically every level from its misguided narrative to its lack of humor to the absence of anything remotely entertaining.
[P]icking and choosing the worthwhile moments out of this disorganized grab bag of tones, gags, and ideas feels like picking through a cheap assortment of mixed nuts, looking for the occasional pecan among peanuts.
Held together by an effective, if downplayed, Chandler-esque crime yarn, it touches on Marxist theory, theology, hubris, and even synchronised swimming. Film buffs will find it a treat.
The cookie-cutter plot might have worked if the jokes were good.
Stagey Woody Allen film with Humphrey Bogart spectre for laughs.
A whimsical work of fan fiction, if not the deepest dive into rock history.
So ugly, so mean-spirited, so bereft of laughs, I found myself rooting for a technical malfunction if only to catch a momentary breather.
The vibe of Zucker's great films is there, but because the subject matter is so scattershot, it's not handled as richly, and the payoffs are shallower.
Almost as enjoyable as the first. Not quite the same impact, but a good ride from start to finish.
Fitting that one of the themes is finding your individuality because this is the film where Lohan will begin to separate herself from the Hilary Duffs & Mandy Moores.
I laughed harder and more often than in any movie I have seen so far this year!
By movie's end, we can imagine spending some more time with Agents 86 and 99, and liking it.
Would be a lot more fun if ... screenwriters realized that the hijinks between a young, genius inventor and a secret agent would have worked just fine without having its coolest character transform into a lame, talking pigeon for an hour.
an undeniably fun film, one whose clever plotting, memorable characters, and deft balance of both wistful nostalgia and celebration of the here and now deserves comparisons to The Wizard of Oz
It's a good indication of what to expect: a crass comedy that unfortunately fails to capture the charm of the original film.
Transformers-lite for Finding Dory fans who can't wait to drive.
Too long, too busy, too loud, and too reliant on slam-bang stunt work, Red's glib dialogue and sinister government scenarios begin to wear.
Here's another Stuart Gordon mess as he tries to live up to Re-Animator.
Apatow still lets every single scene run well past its pay-off, but America's R-rated sweetheart brings her A-game, and her supporting cast kills.
It is a tale of white trash immorality on a grand scale, of people who are ridiculous and yet dangerous, laughable but cunning, and really stupid ... yet sneaky.
A mixture of misplaced gallows humor, wildly over-the-top caricatures and a gimmicky use of animation.
This stoner romp is great farcical fun, even if it never seems to get anywhere.
...not only a loving, teasing homage to the Romero Dead films. It's also a superb zombie film in its own right...
Still charming and watchable. The three leads show their comedy potential.
Thanks in no small part to its trio of hugely likeable teenage leads, the film breezes along, mixing comedy with drama to often seamless effect, while exploring the kind of issues that viewers can all find relatable.
Hunt For The Wilderpeople is a comical, soul-searching tale from the Bush that delights around every leaf-covered turn.
A potently satirical realisation of what "dog eat dog" business strategy really means.
What we end up with is a film that just isn't interesting, entertaining, or funny.
Wilson, as a man who's trying to right the course of his off-track life, turns out to be a surprisingly good fit for Allen's signature rhythms.
It's just that it's so generally mediocre, bland and predictable that I found myself moaning every time I looked at my watch, which was often.
There are bad movies, there are terrible, misguided mistakes and there are unbearable and embarrassing ordeals. The Producers: The Movie Musical is all of those.
Christopher Robin relies heavily on the charm of Pooh and his companions, including Peter Capaldi as Rabbit, who are convincingly brought to life through digital trickery.
It's a cheap, cheerless and laugh-free disaster zone with a woeful script and the sort of performances you'd be disappointed to see in a school play. In a word...horrid!
Give Lauren Lapkus the Best Actress Oscar, you cowards.
Desperately running out of steam and resorting to yet another stab at jokes that hit-and-missed the first two times around.
Who hasn't sat at his desk after lunch and spaced out for an hour? Who wouldn't love to march the copy machine into a field and go to town on it with a baseball bat?
Perhaps not quite as sweet as "hunny" but still entirely palatable.
Just like its sugary setting, Hop is designed to sugar coat everything, and cynically give Easter that commercial feel normally reserved for Christmas.
Getting to know the neighbors has a lot to do with getting to know one's self. But this film leaves us unconvinced.
Goofy, stupid, and often quite strange. It's a blast.
Multiplicity ignores just about every question that would naturally come to the movie-goer's mind.
Sleazy, shallow and at times downright tasteless, 'Ghosts of Girlfriends Past' would have Charles Dickens spinning in his grave.
[Murray] proves he's lost none of his caustic charm. In St Vincent he's vinegar, adding just enough acidity to a screenplay that without him would have been sickeningly sweet.
A generic buddy-buddy actioner that's not as slick as it thinks it is...pointless and forgettable
Gloria... is brimming with life. [Full review in Spanish]
You don't feel that Sandler and director Dennis Dugan are trying for the kind of subversiveness that might just make Happy's brutal anarchy more effective.
Long Shot is a confused, split personality of a movie that manages to be both entertaining and irritating at the same time.
For its target audience, this is gold!
A stoner comedy, an action comedy, an action thriller, a typical Apatovian man-boy opus or a male-bonding romance. The problem is it's not very good at any of these things.
Though minimalist to a fault, there's plenty of tension to keep this grisly Aussie thriller bounding along.
A mix of survival/pandemic horror with a steady flow of pitch-black comedy coursing through its wonderfully nasty veins, Mom and Dad is just the right amount of wrong for this writer.
Perhaps the feeblest entry in the Will Ferrell Sports Comedy canon.
I've got an idea for Larry the Cable Guy's next dumb movie. Maybe the lowbrow bumbler with the big heart and even bigger beer gut could play, oh I don't know, a cable guy?
The Weekend explores all kinds of relationships dynamics in its' rather short run time, and also manages to have some great cinematography and production design (courtesy of Kris Belchevski and Cindy Chao & Michele Yu respectively) to boot.
Ganha pontos pelo perverso senso de humor, mas acaba soando demais como uma cpia de "Evil Dead 2" para merecer uma recomendao.
This is a truly, truly bad movie.
The amateurishly directed 'Jennifer's Body' is a bust as ha-ha horror movie.
What starts out looking like another crude, bullying Adam Sandler extravaganza ends up as a surprisingly graceful and impressively daring romantic comedy.
It's about keeping it funny, and on that score Undercover Brother is right on.
It's charming, gently amusing and Rock Dog doesn't strum too loudly on his guitar.
It's amazing how fast a fresh comedy idea can go stale.
Poor music comedy-drama has mild swearing and crude humor.
This movie isn't just unapologetic fluff; it's aggressive, out-loud-and-proud fluff. Just like ABBA.
Terrific Woody Allen thrill comedy with the great Keaton co-starring as a +.
Wreck-It Ralph is an absolutely wonderful film, nothing short of a glorious, full-blown rebirth for Disney Animation Studios.
How do our flighty young heroines fight back? By shopping, of course. There is no problem, it seems, a new tube top and mini-skirt can't fix.
This wasn't a 'movie' after all, but rather just some funny sketches that Tom Green thought would be humorous to incorporate into a motion picture.
It's depressing enough to sit through an unfunny comedy, but it's worse to watch Falk, Penn and Berg having to earn a living like this.
It may not leave you wanting more of the pirate's life, but when you've got cameos from Dame Judi Dench and Keith Richards you must be doing something right.
Driven tells the wrong side of the story, but it's not too enlightening about that other side, either.
"How to Be a Latin Lover" is a lot like the title character: Soft and flabby around the middle, but not without its own whimsical charms.
While the storytelling is strong, the animation has to be seen to be believed.
Lighter and loopier than Bogdanovich's key '70s pics and naughtier and rather more cynical than his woofy What's Up, Doc?, She's Funny That Way is certainly amusing for the first and second acts.
The problem is that the script, by Fogel and David Iserson...offers zilch in the way of laughs.
Darned near the Second Coming of Capra in Reitman's account of common decency under siege by political treacheries.
'Bad Santa' was bad. 'Bad Santa 2' is bad, bad.
Amazingly, the film juggles all the elements well without being messy, instead playing fair and tying up all the loose ends.
The Concert was so unfunny, I had to consult IMDB.com to make sure that it was indeed listed as a comedy.
Not only stands as the best installment (by bounds) of Johnny Knoxville's hidden-camera franchise; it's one of the sharpest comedies of the year.
Lohan, overcoming her character's occasional obnoxiousness, has enough spunky charm to make this one work for the target audience of 11-year-old girls.
Someone should put a lock on that cabin!
Sexual Failures is edited well, the score is great and while certain scenes feel a bit staged, Waitt is immediately likable and a ball to watch on the big screen.
[T]he movie, about a pair of friends who travel and commit armed robbery across the Southern United States, is a messy and awkward affair.
...becomes dizzyingly hilarious, mixed with genuine sympathy, while an amusing and subversive element grows slowly, beginning as fascinating and then stumbling into inevitability.
Scorsese's showmanship ends up enhancing the film's dreamlike, surrealist sense of encroaching hysteria.
Doesn't quite reach the lunatic levels of the first film's moon-stealing scheme, but despite its smaller scale it does manage to venture even further into daftness.
A serial killer farce that's deadly dull
This film seems to be the key to understanding the Coen's work as a whole.
Extremely well performed, scripted, edited and directed, this department store romp offers you a real bargain and doesn't waste a second in telling its tall story.
This is one film that should have been abandoned at the "I'm thinking about writing a new screenplay" phase because it ultimately does no good whatsoever.
Not even the charm of its cast can save this uninspired and purposeless sequel. [Full Review in Spanish]
suffused with a charm and whimsy that is utterly without cynicism or irony. Instead, there is a thundering innocence to the Micmacs that is in high contrast, but never quite at odds, with Jeunet's vicious social satire
A little bit like Over the Hedge, and a lot like the upcoming Flushed Away, in which an animated house mouse is forced to fend for himself in the sewers of London, Open Season may sound a bit familiar, but it is never dull.
Shorts is constantly pinballing back and forth, from one thing to the next, in such a hyperactive fashion that one wishes it would just slow down a bit.
What is missing is the charm that Witherspoon brought to the character of Elle Woods. You couldn't help but like her in that first film but here, the character is simply unbearable.
Movies about saying goodbye to childhood friends, and finding them again, work on our emotional defenses like nothing else.
Once it becomes obvious that there's no discernible arc at hand for Ingrid, a sense of inevitability sets in and the unpleasantness of the characters begins to wear.
Watchable relationship comedy with terrific performances from John C. Reilly and Jonah Hill and a handful of darkly funny moments, though the script is frustratingly slight in places and refuses to explore its central relationships in any depth.
It's a shame to see Rudd given a role that lets him hit it out of the park in a movie that never comes close to matching him.
Ant-Man fits neatly into the overall Marvel formula, even though it follows the beats of a traditional heist movie.
The glamor and swagger the ensemble cast brings to their roles is as memorable as any created by the Soderbergh crew.
If Home Alone had limited itself to the things that might possibly happen to a forgotten 8-year-old, I think I would have liked it more.
Every time Going the Distance goes for the big dirty joke, the movie loses all rhythm. When it follows its heart, it works rather well.
It has more of a social conscience than most of [Kevin Hart's] other vehicles but keeps the laughs coming too.
Apatow knows growing up is a rough patch of grass but he wants to understand it. Such lofty ambitions seem to have been largely banished from romantic comedies, but here, it gives Knocked Up an honest timelessness.
Not surprisingly for Pixar, the animation is gorgeous to look at, and it's solid, pleasurable entertainment for kids.
The movie is sincerely Christian in its outlook, while also a slapstick animal 'toon. It's a mix that works only intermittently. But when it doesn't pop, it thuds.
Does the meta-acknowledgment that everyone's in it for the bucks give a purposefully dopey sequel more cred? ... You bet.
It's so thrilling when all the elements of a film come together just right. Chill-inducing cadavers be damned, "Warm Bodies" is sheer bliss.
Cusack makes a fine, cynical and aging poet, and Emma Roberts is well-cast as the Sylvia Plath wannabe who hangs on his every word.
Worth running out to see for anyone who dares lament that they don't make funny movies like they used to.
The only excuse you have not to see Crazy Rich Asians is because you hate love.
Strong B+. I suppose the film is true to Rock 'n' Roll by being both fun and irresponsible.
Moments of classic slapstick rubbing elbows with moments of painful candor.
Shenanigans masquerading as fun.
It makes sense that the film is directed and written by the writers of "The Hangover" because it shares a lot of that film's DNA. Three people, mismatched at times, decide to cut loose with alcohol and dirty talk.
Though much lighter than the country's art-house fare of the past few years, the collection serves as a sampler of the much-heralded Romanian cinema.
Bridesmaids is being touted as a female version of The Hangover. That's an unfair bar to set, given how easily these ladies sail over it.
Even the most ardent 'adult' comedy fans will emerge feeling slightly dirty and more than just vaguely disappointed.
This is a charmless and ham-fisted production whose cynical attempt to connect with the young is surely destined to fail.
It's a solid short film stretched to Silly Putty thinness.
Some truths about George and Edith's underlying emotional state come out in an unconventional and interesting way, but it's not enough to make us care about the attraction that is drawing them closer.
It feels a little lazy, like Dugan and Sandler didn't work hard enough to iron out the premise.
A weak and wobbly comedy about the difficulties of millennials in the wonderful world of work.
Though the cast is young; being made up of mostly teenagers; they are well versed and trained and Burnham elicits terrific performances from then all.
Even if you wouldn't know weed from green wool, Pineapple Express works as a fast-paced buddy comedy with lots of laughs and a few hilariously unpleasant surprises.
The pre-Star Wars Disney sci-fi adventure Escape to Witch Mountain gets a 21st-century reboot here, with beefed-up action, hyperactive editing and even a few shout-outs to George Lucas's blockbuster classic thrown into the mix.
So egregiously awful that it not only gives a bad name to parody movies, it gives bad names to each of the individual letters used to form the words "parody movies."
The Female Brain is without evidence of critical thinking from anyone involved.
By returning to its roots, the series rediscovers its sense of purpose - and its heart.
Director Wes Anderson never lets the audience in as to whether he sees this story as humorous or pathetic.
I'm rooting for the world.
Made for all young girls who've ever had a princess fantasy. The charm of the cast keeps it mildly entertaining (or at least tolerable) for anyone else who tags along.
The whole thing serves to remind us that there's at least one thing drama and comedy share: You can't rush it.
If it eventually surrenders to convention, Sleeping with Other People is still a refreshingly adult, often rule-breaking romantic comedy.
I like that Barbershop: The Next Cut found a way to weave together such a potent mix of styles, genders and themes and make a movie that makes you laugh and makes you think.
Wait till it comes out on video. You'll know when to turn what off.
Chooses contrivances over naturalism and sickeningly saccharine sermonizing over lighthearted moralizing.
Not every joke hits the comedy sweet spot, but thanks to Hart's outsized personality, singular delivery and self-confident on-stage swagger, they all come reasonably close.
an insult
Overall it's bright and breezy enough to divert little ones - even if they don't know what's going on.
The good news is that the savvy apocalypse comedy The World's End is armed with the notorious wit from proven collaborators in writer-director Edgar Wright ('Scott Pilgrim vs. The World') and actor/writer Simon Pegg and Nick Frost.
Here's the holiday musical you're looking for - if, say, you like a splash of gore and a parade of flesh-eating zombies between musical numbers. Eat your heart out, Mary Poppins!
Nick Cassavetes' eighth film squanders its subversive premise. It's also rather hysterical and not in a comedic way.
This comedy is empty.
It's amusing, watching a movie like this, to observe the clangingly false notes.
You'd have to search far and wide for a movie as gleefully stupid as Kung Pow: Enter the Fist, but you'd never find one so bereft of laughs.
More geared to celebrity-spotting than cinematic storytelling, it's fluffy and flimsy.
[An] incredibly tense two-hander which is hilarious and terrifying in equal parts.
Daddy Day Care is a movie about preschoolers, for preschoolers, and probably made by preschoolers.
Director Seth Gordon's best film since his brilliant debut, "The King Of Kong: A Fistful Of Quarters."
This is freakin' hilarious!
This is not the laugh riot that you might expect. Same goes for the fighting. There's certainly a lot less here than in the average Jackie Chan movie.
a light-hearted silly movie aimed at showing kids a good time. Disney makes no serious attempts to keep this film reasonable from an adult perspective.
The comedy is blissfully perfect!
The plot is convoluted, the running time is excessive and the cast is top heavy with underemployed Oscar winners but fans of the original may still enjoy the ride.
Talented cast can't save formulaic "Bad Moms"-lite comedy.
Yes, it's a lot to keep track of, but writer-director Martin McDonagh does so with deft humor as the film hurls toward a desert climax, foreshadowed in one of Billy and Marty's exchanges.
Combines breezy political jabs with mainstream comic sensibilities successfully. The duo makes a great comedic pairing and the Ferrell/Galifinakis era of films may have just begun.
[Colossal] is so bent it fashions its own shelf to sit on.
The biggest problem with Click is not that it isn't funny, but that the moments worthy of laughs often feel isolated from the sloppily assembled plot.
The film should please fans who helped make the play a hit and its soundtrack a bestseller -- but it is unlikely to spread the love to many new converts.
The fact that Dusty is actually a bit of a sad sack is something a smarter movie could have developed. But director Sean Anders's film tells a basic story in which strutting males repeatedly lock horns to varying degrees of comic effect.
A movie that doesn't know whether it is slapstick comedy, satire, mystery or a schlock horror flick. Whatever it is, it is highly derivative, and of little consequence.
This may be a story of a bear trying to do a good deed. However, it's a film with a larger message of respecting one self and showing kindness to each other.
One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
Lots of high school-set films beg for a John Hughes comparison, but this one actually earns it.
The movie may not a Jurassic classic, but as a respite from those dry-as-a-dinosaur-bone days of summer, this family entertainment isn't all that beastly.
The plot may be nonsensical, but the heart and comedy surely isn't.
Polished but hollow...It's another sign of the times that Hollywood thinks we can no longer handle the original storyline.
Suburbicon is a dark delight -- a film that keeps you guessing, as well as appalled and amused. And the less you know going in, the better.
For a children's film, it hits all the major notes.
The Zellners have a feel for the genre. They captured the look, the surreal nature of the West, and the sadness of one man's quest to win the love of a woman who has yet to find her soul mate. It's a unique film, for sure, and one not without virtue.
It's a hit or miss comedy where the misses win, percentage-wise.
This bittersweet comedy is a fine showcase for a pair of distinctive and appealing talents.
Re-Animator was Stuart Gordon's first (and best) movie.
Ice Cube, as usual, is an appealing presence, but the rest of the cast shines as well.
Hugely enjoyable, utterly charming French romcom with a terrific script and fantastic performances from its two leads.
Consider it a date movie guys can attend without wanting to scream bloody murder.
This movie is a joke, and I know it as both critic and fan.
The worse politics gets for the constituency the better it gets for the comedians. A political roast of unprecedented accuracy and intensity and a comedic dream.
Vacillating between sappy and snappy, Stuart Little 2 is featherweight family fare, perfectly timed for viewers with short attention spans.
A movie that feels risky and forgiving and, despite its traditional rom-com contours, refreshingly new.
An endlessly creative cinematic creation, this brilliant animated film exceeds all tired expectations and delivers the first fantastic movie of 2014.
It's harmless enough, but nowhere near as inspiring as it aims to be.
If a pointless and nasty Hollywood satire filled with vile characters and no one to root for sounds like a good time, go see Maps to the Stars.
One of those barbarically unfunny romps that would be over in less than 10 minutes if just one character had an IQ higher than a cherry Pop-Tart.
Fairly engaging.
Every move toward promoting acceptance of differences comes with a conflicting idea.
Prom turns what could have been a string of punch lines and lump-in-the-throat passages into an affecting group portrait.
"Isn't It Romantic" both spoofs rom-com conventions and embraces them; it's a tricky balance, but it doesn't fall off the wire.
The best animated films feel timeless and original, but Shark Tale is stapled together from dozens of hip-hop and movie references.
Deserves to be hanging in the nearest meat locker.
Alda's Hawkeye Pierce charm gives way to something snappish and cagey, while Broderick's fussy stiffness is perfect.
Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it.
Just because cookie-cutter movie formulas are profitable doesn't mean they're defensible. Sooner or later, audiences will eventually demand something better.
The worst family feature so far this year...Rebound stinks like a rancid pair of sweaty old gym sneakers.
And while the fights and stunts are occasionally eye-catching, those eyes often end up wandering off as the combination of fast editing and quick-growing-and-shrinking props makes it hard to follow the action.
The film's tagline goes "Talk to the girl. Save the world," but at no point does Earth's fate hang in the balance, and talking to Elle Fanning's Zan is no great challenge for anyone.
Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is one of the funniest and most extreme movies of the past several years. If you're a fan of comedies, you'll have a blast here.
Apparently, director Eric Bross didn't care about lifelessness, cliches or Bass's Hallmark card-thin talents, because this movie is on autopilot.
Cohen will do anything for a laugh, and he gets quite a few.
I remember clearly what it was like to be a 12-year-old boy and know that if they had let me make a movie at that age it would look an awful lot like 'Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters.'
So ingenious in concept, design and execution that you could watch it on a postage stamp-sized screen and still be engulfed by its charm.
Even though The Intern has a well defined beggining and end, the way the characters evolve amongst an unecessary extended plot, bear down the comedic tone by a lot. [Full review in Spanish]
In its final stretch this unfunny comedy with characters who go through routine changes starts getting weird, almost mysterious.
Saying that Finding Nemo is Pixar's weakest effort to date is like a starving man telling you the third piece of pizza you've given him wasn't as good as the first.
Plenty of adventure, laughs and Pixar's quality animation.
This paean to body positivity and living your own truth is more than welcome, but you just wish UglyDolls' message could be more charmingly argued, adroitly assembled and just plain funny.
We don't need or want War on Everyone to go soft; we want its war on decency to rage on.
Paddington is as gangsta as they come.
The film tries to do way too much: it's a mess. But, crude misjudgments aside, it's a tremendously entertaining mess.
Gordon's stars are charmless, his script cheerless, and his sterling supporting cast can't seem to figure out what they've been brought on board to do.
Violent, feverishly fragmented adaptation of the TV show, relying on sinister style over substance.
You would think [the] book would be unfilmable, and you'd be right. But that didn't stop [director] Michael Winterbottom from taking it on.
This sequel limps, and hopefully this whole franchise is headed where it belongs; a shallow grave.
Day, who was the best thing about last years rom-com "Going the Distance," is hilarious here.
The most mature, heartfelt and keenly observed film of Team Guffman.
Sadly, the gags and the spicy dialogue aren't funny enough to make this work and it's only when Timberlake and Kunis start letting their characters' respective guards down that the film becomes more involving.
The whole film plays like a made-for-cable holiday event -- it belongs on the small screen, not in a theater.
[An] inordinately clever, sprightly romantic comedy.
you can practically hear Hitchcock snoring in the director's chair
It's basically just a raunchier, less funny rehash of the Harold Ramis/John Hughes classic that lacks its predecessor's charm and heart.
The dream team of Brad Bird and John Lasseter looks poised to defend family entertainment against mediocrity through what we can only hope will be a long-running franchise.
This Rodney Dangerfield vehicle is a lot better than it should be.
But much like the Playmobil toys, with their poky feet and weird, lobster-like hands, Playmobil: The Movie is similar but inferior to the Lego equivalent.
There's a lot of entertainment, especially for families, in Johnny English.
There's no mistaking that you'll get anything other than entertainment of the lowest brow.
... the most fun I've had with food since I was a child recreating the extinction of the dinosaurs with dino-shaped nuggets, my mouth, and a giant pool of ketchup.
A simple but very humane story, full of memorable and adorable characters, and a really impressive visual style. [Full Review in Spanish]
Tamara Jenkins' feature debut as a director and as a screenwriter [with certain autobiographical excerpts] is a dramatic comedy that is contagious to me. [Full review in Spanish]
While Ceremony may not look or feel terribly original, Winkler has clearly learned a lot from his study of [Wes] Anderson's oeuvre, and he's made a comedy that's intelligent, stylish, and effective even when it's emulating someone else's work.
21 Jump Street is a cockamamie movie. It's as rowdy as a dick joke. After the 21st dick joke, I wanted to jump off. And after the dick jokes there's a load of excrement jokes.
Effortlessly well-made cinematic comfort food at its warmest.
The premise of the comedy is wickedly compelling, and the flashback scenes are hilarious. But, unfortunately, Sandler spoils the party because he can't create a convincing character.
Excruciatingly acted and ineptly directed.
This is animation that never just goes through the motions but glories in its feats and so, almost certainly, will you.
Brave is a charming diversion lacking the inspiration needed to make it linger in the memory.
The problem is that the film has about as much creativity as the episode of Brady Bunch where the kids decide to put together a band.
A big beautiful film! You can watch it 1000 times and still giggle!
While it meanders on its way to the requisite happy ending, the lush, stylised animation and courtly flourishes would win over anyone.
Big Momma's House seldom finds anything funny for Lawrence to do in drag.
The film [is] loud, colourful, frantic in pace, but less than the sum of its parts.
It makes for a pretty good show. Cooper cooks up sweet and juicy in just about every role he plays, so watching the him sizzle on the griddle of short-order Shakespeare set against the backdrop of Europe's fine cuisine is a ready pleasure.
Everyone involved can proudly declare, "Honey, I shrunk the Marvel Cinematic Universe."
The screenwriters capably update the 49-year-old critters for socially relevant times, give or take a little suspension of disbelief.
It's predictable, it's overacted, it's little more than a longer version of the TV show -- and it's a guaranteed hit among loyal fans of the fictional pop star.
Yes, Napoleon Dynamite has some of that annoying forced indie quirkiness, but it also possesses a certain wayward originality
If and when Bollywood does deliver a crossover hit, it's likely this film-maker will be behind it.
The difference between the average unfunny comedy and this one is the difference between Grandpa telling you knock-knock jokes and Grandpa telling you knock-knock jokes with his bathrobe open as his hand creeps up your thigh.
Working as both a fantasy of wish fulfillment for parents and a raucous, broad live-action cartoon for kids, Nanny McPhee is an above-average family film.
There's little doubt that, from a technical standpoint, Pixar Animation's latest creation, Cars, runs laps around the competition.
Bizarre, yet typical Coen comedy. Very dark and cartoonish.
Is it funny? Yes-ish. I was reminded of 2010's Jackass 3D (there's a line you'll never read in Cinema Scope magazine!) in that, while I never actively wanted to laugh, sometimes I just couldn't help myself.
Sour Grapes has its moments, but they're too few not to disappoint, despite David's consistently nasty sense of humor.
Witness an absurdest buddy comedy throwback with a paper-thin premise and no justifiable reason why it should succeed at all (which is exactly what it does.)
Funny and moving.
There's barely a laugh on the horizon as Fun Size ambles through a series of unremarkable set pieces, tumbleweed one-liners and awkward tonal shifts.
The 3D conversion is awful. The special effects are awful. The acting is awful. The movie is awful. Stay away from this movie.
The popular deadpan comedian (Carell) is only funny about 60 percent of the time.Would you believe 50 percent?
... the gags and one-liners just aren't as funny as they need to be.
Eulogy confuses mean-spiritedness for signs of intelligent life.
Expertly made but strangely uninvolving.
A good idea in search of a good film that comes up completely empty handed.
You haven't seen cringeworthy till you've seen a group of mature British actors in granny-beige M&S slacks doing the Reservoir Dogs walk
Owen Wilson delivers, of course — but he delivers what he always does: a blue-eyed, fluffy-haired amiability that's pretty much irresistible, and the picture is as light and insubstantial as an empty éclair.
On Stranger Tides may not quite be the spectacular return to form Disney had hoped for, but it's a strong indication that there's life in the old sea dog yet.
For once, maybe Harvey did the right thing by cutting it down.
February may be too early to start thinking about year-end lists, but frankly, I'll be shocked if I see 10 movies in 2008 that are worse than Strange Wilderness.
It has an interesting premise, a strong cast and a reputable director. It also has a script so painfully bad, the mind reels at how this movie even got made.
Disney has struck once again, taking a passably entertaining cartoon and turning it into a motion picture so lifeless that it's almost unwatchable.
A film that works overtime to offend each and every ethnic group and economic class that makes up the smoggy purgatory of Los Angeles while simultaneously patting itself on the back for being so putatively daring.
Johnson is a natural action hero, a point presumably made rather cheekily by way of an early cameo from none other than Ahhnold himself.
Brilliant, still funny airplane disaster movie parody. Started new comedy career for Nielsen.
Destined to rank among the Coens' least memorable achievements.
A farce that can't quite find its comic register.
At least the National Lampoon films were memorable, which is more than can be said for the misbegotten and instantly forgettable Vacation.
A disposable trifle of fleeting rewards that - like many a feature built around a "Saturday Night Live" sketch - shows its seams after three minutes.
accomplishes a rare feat even for the truly terrible movies in that it doesn't manage a consistent level of mediocrity but surpasses it seemingly with each and every scene proving that oh yes, it can and will get worse.
A pink slip is in order for all concerned.
If one-note jokes that drag on too long or are worked into the ground aren't enough to trigger comic nausea, then perhaps the myriad uses of hummus will do the trick in You Don't Mess With the Zohan.
Deliriously inventive and frequently hilarious, this is a hugely entertaining family adventure with an inspired script, gleefully imaginative animation, superb 3D effects and a note-perfect voice cast.
"Spenser Confidential" only vaguely recalls the classic Spenser character. It's clear that no one involved cared much about the novels.
Any movie unafraid to wilfully throw around the term 'bastards' can't be too bad.
Don't be fooled by this civilised plot outline. Deadpool 2 is mostly a litany of violence, off-colour gags and enough fourth-wall breaks to make you wonder if it's possible for a comedy film to be too self-aware.
Benign, animal-based hi-jinks, frantic chases along country lanes, a constant soundtrack of squeaks, grunts and snorts, beautifully rendered stop-motion, all drenched in a haze of geniality and glee.
The much-hyped sci-fi actioner Avatar is the perfect showcase for Cameron's strengths...and his flaws.
A dark charmer.
Your tolerance for Spymate is going to be directly related to your tolerance for animal tricks.
This is quite possibly one of the most boring movies that I've ever had to sit through, especially in the realm of animation.
... despite the best efforts of its cast, Hunting Elephants is a tame comedic excursion into a flimsy world of social lechery and geriatric dysfunction, albeit one that garnered seven Israeli Film Academy Awards nominations.
This movie belongs to the effervescent, sincere Schumer who excels at portraying the wisecracking, loose floozy traditionally consigned to being the leading lady's comical sidekick.
Unlike most so-called "comedies," this one can claim the virtue of being reasonably funny.
There's a drag on this film, and that's the character of the protagonist, Allegra. She's just not a nice person, which could have been OK, except it seems as though she's supposed to be.
A surprisingly enjoyable kid's movie.
Gags involving plaster-cast penises, obscene topiary and alcohol-laced breast milk won't be to all tastes, but at its slapstick best the film is hilarious.
A movie that is good for the genre but bad overall.
Now that Lembeck has tarnished another dear childhood memory, perhaps he can call it a day before he desecrates our image of the Easter Bunny.
Something's Gotta Give may not be as good as it gets, but it's an intelligent, funny look at relationships with a great performance by Diane Keaton.
At its best, this Shrek sequel draws up a brilliant new blueprint for all-ages animation, blending fairy-tale whimsy with edgy social satire.
Borat is often convulsively, savagely funny, but beneath the scatology and mockery rests a knowingness about the manner in which societal prejudices can be hidden, diverted and even encouraged.
Paul is arguably the best science fiction comedy since Galaxy Quest.
While Judd and Kinnear are both quite good, it's Jackman that completely steals the show.
"This Is Where I Leave You" leaves you wanting - if not more, than at least better and smarter and more honest. The problem, finally, is that it's not nearly complicated enough.
Like the politicians it criticizes, the film loses sight of its ideals.
You can see a glimpse in writer/director Jeff Baena's movie of the satisfying ensemble farce it could have been, perhaps three or four script drafts down the road.
It's a good way to waste a couple of hours.
'Rent' has come to the screen too late to have any real impact...
[Rebel Wilson's] sassy fightin' moves during a gleefully preposterous hostage rescue jumpstart "Pitch Perfect 3" when even the trilogy capper's signature a cappella sometimes can't.
...it works wonderfully, giving audiences that wouldn't normally sit through an Elizabethan play the chance to understand and be amused by something fairly close.
It's everything you'd expect in a mother-son road trip comedy starring the profane Rogen and the smart-mouthed diva Streisand. And less.
Return to innocence and Pooh with 'Christopher Robin.'
It is contrived and predictable, squandering the chemistry between co-stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds as it creates lazy escapist entertainment that is forgotten as soon as the end credits have rolled.
Something went terribly awry with this wannabe teen comedy from Chris Columbus.
This, while trying really hard, is one lame movie. One can afford to miss it.
One of the most amateurish essays in excruciating tedium I've encountered in a year that's hardly lacked for tedium.
Between his self-conscious shocks and old-fashioned offensiveness, [Anthony] Jeselnik feels too safe, too uninspired.
[T]he movie is an abject failure as a comedy from the start.
gleefully nutty chaos!
The concept may be enchanting, but the execution is not. The characters are such a ridiculous pastiche on the original show that they're bland and one-dimensional.
the result is a meowvie with less ow to it than its predecessor.
Refreshing depiction of today's dating game does for single women what Swingers did for single men.
Somewhere between high concept and lowbrow humor, "Paul" hits the sweet spot of a genuine heart.
Chaumeil shows talent, and the performances, especially by the leads, are universally solid but it just isn't enough.
Eddie Murphy is the one of the few reasons to sit through this movie. He gives lip, delivers timely one-liners and tops it off with better than half-decent physical comedy.
...a rather crude, strongly self-indulgent, and often repetitious comedy that, nonetheless, was largely amiable and good-natured.
Riotously enjoyable sequel, which again combines silly chaos with razor-sharp wit.
...an utterly worthless (and frequently unwatchable) piece of work.
It's not even as good as its chirpier predecessor; but it's playful, colorful, and has a strong message of community, something we need desperately right now.
It can't decide whether it wants to be a thrilling action movie or a quirky comic spoof. The elements seem in conflict, rather than seamlessly blended.
The movie frequently shifts from comic to dramatic and back again, true to Apatow's whiplash style but also true to life.
"Results" is not entirely successful (the two main plots don't quite fit together) but it does have a charm and a style that works.
Generic as its title, I Love Trouble is like a Xerox of a copy of a facsimile.
Fluff aimed at conservative Middle America, a cynical go-with-the-demographic-trends movie that's shallow and stupid, but featuring big names guaranteeing box office success.
The film is good goofy fun, even as the plot uncorks a whole lotta nothing.
Too often, the writers-stars settle for childish bad taste over real wit; there are incessant references to male genitalia but the movie is too timid to follow through when two macho guys are dared to kiss.
Probably the worst of the series. Still provides a few laughs.
Connoisseurs of Christopher Walken, and there are some hard-core addicts lurking about, will have good reason to take in The Rundown -- they can add a few more riches to their treasure chest of Wonky Walken Moments.
Generation X-ers continue to feel superior about their teen films...adding intelligence & darkness can make a generic teen romp into a rewatchable touchstone. Not Sleepover.
You eventually get the feeling that the actors are riffing mainly for each other. Their attitude is, 'We're talented, trust us, we know how to be funny,' but in the end, it's mostly just a bluff.
"Ant-Man and the Wasp," the first sequel to 2015's "Ant-Man," is barely an exoskeleton next to its much better predecessor.
A formulaic Marvel superhero origin tale but Ant-Man gets a boost from a good ensemble cast and an overall tone of fun and creativity from director Peyton Reed.
R.I.P.D may look like something that you've seen before (and you kind of have) but with deft direction, the primal allure of redemption and lightning pace; prepare for a surprisingly entertaining ride.
From its assaultive, nihilistic prologue to its last flat invocation of American culture, The Guard foregrounds the extent to which it is leaning on artifice and affect to get over.
As such, it's not too bad. Sure there's an over-familiarity at this point in regards to secret agent teenagers, but Muniz is such an affable presence I can honestly say I was reasonably entertained much of the way.
Funny Farm is one of those small miracles that starts out like a lot of other movies and then somehow finds its own way, step after step, to an original comic vision.
Raunchy, often hysterical parody of overplayed musical biopics ironically sags just when its targets do but hits several right notes thanks to the sturdy presence of John C. Reilly as a none-too-subtle riff on the Man in Black.
It's a bracingly subversive story told with tongue firmly in cheek.
A generally superb model of how to make a pop documentary
Asbury sticks to the basics, with obvious Saturday morning-style fare based on groaners and pratfalls about the earnest little creatures with self-defining names like Nosey, Grouchy and Jokey.
runs into the same snags Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston encountered when they suffered through The Break-Up in 2006
A low bar for inauthenticity, and by the third or fourth joke about how corny the old TV show is, you remember the old TV show had more meta intelligence in any ten minutes of a given episode than the whole of this exhausting exercise.
The Sox won the World Series. Rarely have filmmakers had a more wildly improbable happy ending forced on them. Well, you need all the help you can get, divine or otherwise, when your two stars -- Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon -- have no chemistry.
Garry Marshall delivers a well-balanced romantic comedy that delivers the laughs and a classic Shirley MacLaine scene. Though, the film needed to lose about twenty minutes.
You'll laugh! You'll cry! And you'll go home feeling ever so slightly used...
A third class theme park ride, much too dark for children, too familiar for adults, and too lame for either.
Rush Hour is a lot of fun!
If the whole point of this surrogate society is to appear as a perfectly beautiful avatar, why would Bruce Willis choose that ludicrous blond wig that looks like he plucked it off a mannequin at Boscov's?
It takes approximately 15 seconds for Accepted to begin showcasing Mac products, a somewhat foregone conclusion given star Justin Long's stint as the face of Apple computers' recent ad campaign.
If the original LEGO explored what makes something special, The Second Part focuses on the things which connect us ... that we build, that we explore that matters.
Director Christopher Browne took a lesson from Steve Miller, when it comes to bowling on TV (or in the movies), 'it's all about scoring, pace, and energy'.
A superior sequel...
This is another example of the idiocy that often results when Hollywood attempts to convert an animated TV show into a non-animated movie.
The voice cast is perfect - especially Bateman - and there are some cracking action scenes too. Superb family film.
It is performed with tremendous gusto and theatrical dash.
It's as bad as you would imagine, and yet it's as good as it could possibly be.
Low on big laughs but remains enjoyable thanks to a consistently amusing script and strong comic performances from a talented cast, though it's also a little too predictable in places.
The film seems longer than its 93-minute running time, but kids will probably enjoy its potty humor.
There's just enough to stop it from being a complete bore. But, come the end, you'll still think it wasn't worth your time.
Toy Story 4 is wholly superfluous, albeit often funny and nice to look at.
It's a world of aesthetic outlandishness, woozy and exciting in turn.
Somehow the new Paddington movie seems modern while at the same time holding firmly to its quaint, lovely ideals.
Abides affectionately by all the tropes of the genre at hand in a way that is endearingly familiar, which kids are likely to resonate with - but that doesn't allude to success.
A lame Mob comedy, proving Piscopo is not movie material
In the end, a few genuinely funny moments aside, the script is simply too predictable and unvarying to earn the viewer's loyalty.
Dynamic performances, and some surprisingly tender moments!
The movie shines when allowing the characters to just exist in their world together, without the forced and tired romantic comedy plot weighing on them.
Huston's biggest misfire; ponderous and sluggish.
Novel in concept, exquisite in execution, another family feast from Pixar suitable for all palates. Not a studio chef d'oeuvre, perhaps, but still the richest of this year's animations. Don't miss the starter course, hilarious space short Lifted.
Even though this movie has some good bits and sweet moments straight out of a teenage girl's dream journal, the weak spy subplot is meant to do nothing more than distract you from a bunch of supposedly romantic nonsense happening onscreen.
There is, unfortunately, never a point at which it's not completely obvious that Frankenweenie has been adapted from a short film...
Fraser's lantern-jawed mugging becomes irritating all too soon, although younger viewers may get a kick out of the ingenious antics of skunks, raccoons and grizzly bears as they get the better of numbskull humans.
A refreshing entry into the recent canon of Australian films, Bran Nue Dae recalls the innocent, playful tone of classics such as Muriel's Wedding and The Castle and, as such, deserves to be the summer smash of 2010.
When the story gets stale, the movie inserts a "nuts" pun or, worse, resorts to a gas or burp joke. It doesn't work the first time, nor the fifth.
Black rocks as Dewey, simply because he refuses to treat the kids like children. Linklater eschews any sentimentality, holding what little there is in check.
More Pistachio Disguisey than Austin Powers, this cheapjack comedy is nowhere near as ingenious as the man it sends up.
Ira & Abby, in its breezy, low-key way, will make audiences happy -- something [director] Westfeldt already knows how to do.
Aging but still funny.
Suburbicon could've been a great, funny, socially conscious film. Regrettably, it's just not that deep. It's a pretty random film that probably lives up to the expectations of the Cohen brothers.
'Ant-Man starts weak, but finishes strong. What starts as a drizzle becomes a hurricane of action and special effects as 'Ant-Man' kicks into high gear during its second half.
The story is well paced, characters beautifully created and voiced, and the animation is breathtaking, with the sight of a snow covered world (Disney style) a thing of pure driven beauty.
The movie's bright visuals and snappy rapport between Marsden and Schwartz keep things silly and alive, never taking itself too seriously but rarely being too light to be outright dismissed.
The main issue with Double Tap is that it attempts to lean on jokes and stylistic tics that haven't felt fresh in almost a decade - trying to resurrect the lightning-in-a-bottle success of the first unfortunately only leads to a just-okay second round.
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 taps into that childlike glee that comes with sitting in a dark movie theater, ready to see favorite characters travel worlds and fight off aliens.
A tongue-in-cheek, splatter-laden homage to George A. Romero's zombie pictures.
As a way to arrange a movie, it's a disaster, but on some level you have to respect a guy who keeps his pals working, especially in this economy.
There are quite a few funny moments in director Judd Apatow's feature.
You deserve some sort of honour if, as a creator of comedy, you devise a technique so solid that it can translate from TV to film without losing any of its personality
Rubbish. Irish eyes will be hard pressed to grimace, let alone smile.
Jolie brings a degree of unpredictability to her character which makes her more intriguing than the material or something like that.
...infantile...politically correct nonsense.
Yet Garner shines, and with a deft supporting cast of comedically talented character actors and assured direction by director Gary Winick (The Tic Code), 13 Going on 30 comes up pretty much a winner.
A lot different from, say, watching several SATC episodes on DVD in succession as if gobbling fudge brownies. That may be OK for the living room, but in a multiplex, you just want things to move along already.
The absolute lack of cultural identity on the part of any of the characters -- black or white -- is what left me with a bad aftertaste.
This isn't going to change anyone's life, but it's good for some cheap laughs, which is all audiences really should expect.
The biggest problem with the movie is the tone, which is by turns preachy, silly, mawkish and dark.
...a disappointingly thin endeavor that seems to have been designed to appeal solely to young boys...
Beerfest is a one-joke movie ("Hey what if the Olympics had cool competitions like beer pong?") and the level to which it sustains that one joke is almost admirable.
A monumentally epic disaster...
A happy, hoot-and-holler crowd-pleasing package.
A modestly entertaining, sly but superficial comedy.
I would say that this was a complete and utter waste of time and talent, but, except for Emma Stone, I didn't see any talent.
Fort Tilden's quite charming, though filmmakers Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers never let their charmless subjects... gain too much of their audience's sympathy.
It has its share of funny moments. But it also has its share of tired ones.
Very much worth seeing.
Just a whisker away from being the cat's whiskers.
Before this, I hadn't grasped that the notion of "product placement" is in fact passé; now it's all about "co-promotion".
Plays like a suicide note: full of references to past glories, past fight scenes played at half-speed, and an implacable patina of obliterating self-pity.
You sum up 'The Emoji Movie' with one symbol.
Perhaps everyone who takes a long road trip with their friends should bring a video camera to capture memories. Whether, like Vince Vaughn, you believe these home movies are worth putting in movie theatres is another question.
A rom-com short on romance and even shorter on laughs.
The laughs rain down early on; later - Messiah moment apart - they thin to a drizzle, deprived of variation.
Smith has slicked up his follow-up vision of Slackerville USA, but the outcome is nowhere near as brash and original.
If you're looking for an all-ages crowd-pleaser, this may be your best bet.
funny in places and while the plot is a rather formulaic take on The Prince and The Pauper, harismatic stars and a brisk pace make the more melodramatic moments forgivable.
Some will be underwhelmed by Neighbors' reliance on laughs over substance but most viewers will find plenty to enjoy in its outrageous comedy setups and likable characters.
There's a restraint and sweetness to the raunch that keeps it below the threshold of certain other R-rated comedies about away-from-home shenanigans gone bawdily awry.
The only thing more bizarre than the plot of Tyler Cornack's Butt Boy is his creative decision to play the absurdity straight for entirely too long before embracing its inherent silliness
The moves feel flat, the editing is choppy and the fight sequences lack the inventiveness of Chan's best work.
It's an amiable time-passer, and hopefully a promise of even better things to come.
Lackluster storytelling and tepid punch lines.
An astute slice-of-life, a sympathetic character study, and an offbeat love story all rolled into one satisfying package. Mixes genre conventions with an appetizing quirkiness in an overall confection of bliss.
An emotionally chilly exercise... At the same time it is gorgeous indeed, one of the most singular movies in the Disney canon visually.
Here the laughs come with equal amounts of poignancy. Two people who try to use humour to get through tough periods in their lives.
...Hairspray is a surprisingly effervescent ice cream soda of a musical, fizzing with sly comic performances and a bonanza of heel-thumping numbers.
I'm actually surprised that a major film studio (Paramount) would thumb their nose so openly at the competition (Fox). Good on them. They've got balls.
It keeps you engaged and is often amusing.
Like tumbling into chick-flick hell.
A failure on nearly every level, "A Million Ways to Die in the West" almost approaches so-bad-you-need-to-see-it categorization.
much funnier than any movie about dodgeball has a right to be
But who am I kidding? I'm tired of kids films intent on pushing boundaries visually only to leave their screenplays as a non-important afterthought, masking problems with bouncy pop songs and a plethora of big-time celebrities in cameo roles.
Kevin Hart turns an essentially crude wingman into the conscience of the film's torturous, nettled discourse on romance.
To use the lingo of Elfman's character, this oddball movie could have skewed appeal.
Is this the same John Huges who wrote "The Breakfast Club"? I don't think so.
...an extremely dated and thoroughly mediocre piece of work.
Even if the gag-to-wince ratio isn't high, there are enough punchlines thrown here to make a sphinx smirk.
An interesting, uneven, if entirely predictable fairy-tale comedy featuring some solid acting all around and a cute story which needlessly sticks around way past its final course.
Poor scriptwriting decisions and a failure to advance the romance in a gradual, credible fashion doom whatever chances this could have had to enrapture audiences.
Once again, nothing happens, just for longer.
Scoop suffers from the same problem as much of Allen's recent work: Even when the witty banter clicks, it seems stale.
turns from a simple idea into a complex look at cultural iconography and public perception
Criminally overlooked and sinfully wonderful Coen brothers comedy. Jennifer Jason Leigh is just flawless here.
